The voice korea!!! 🙌🏻
Did china created two nuclear powers n.korea and pakistan, to contain it adversaries us-japan and india...sounds like the art of war suntzu
Jameis winston has more weapons that north korea
I'll crush him! floyd mayweather has headed to china to promote his new charity #supporting south #korea.
North korea only has 25 million people.
If vladimir putin's russia was threatened by a north korea what would he do? we don't have to agree with his answer but what could we learn
Kids have been trying to dig to china for years and I think they're on to something. why don't we dig to north korea &amp; take them by surprise
I actually will be in korea in june, but not busan so I can forget about even trying to get the tickets
His twitter account, amid posts about french politics, the south korean election and the nuclear threat posed by north korea.
Dt squawking major conflict w north korea is all part of diversionary con of this presidency, yes? #goodnight
Trump korea thu, 27 apr 2017 23:00:00 cdt
I wouldn't risk. illinois of people for 25 million if we had no way of stopping north korea other than bombing.
"this is korea. the internet security is shit here." ㅇㄱㄹㅇ...
In north korea the consequence for attempted suicide is the death penalty #irony #iliveinthewrongcountry
I wouldn't risk billions of people for 25 million if we had no way of stopping north korea other than bombing.
Even as we speak, aeroflot &amp; north korea's air koryo are demanding a recount
South korea thought '귀여운 동물이 우리의 최후의 보루다!'
but somehow they realized that many didn't care life that much.
south korea had the discussion
/2 at least they won't drag their countries into a war with north korea.
Paul ryan trump is well on his way to throwing south korea to the wolves over trade deal. is mind is gone. when impeach?
Ollie north had a pretty good line about kim jong un today: "the only fat man in north korea."
So now our stupid president is threatening war with north korea. this orange pos is going to get a lot of people killed!
More saber rattling on n. korea to distract from #russiagate while they try to sneak through #trumpcare. #resist #nevertrumpcare #atn
Threaten another armada to n korea &amp; see if that schtick works
deflect. your failed domestic agenda. your foreign policy is a failed policy.
South korea election

(ahn and his 'mentor' park ji-won better do something
about falling numbers, or it will be 'game over' soon)
Top 3 for the loudest concert: 

• korea 
• japan 
• mexico 

im 🙂 okay 🙂 like 🙂 seriously 🙂 I 🙂 wanna 🙂 scream 🙃
Eh nobody worried about n korea. they’re built for defense and to take out s korea. would be dumb to invade them for sure
Someone in korea tried to break into my facebook account has anyone else had the same issue?
N korea on the clock as they're on meth it seems and wont stop doing what they're doing
Feel k yung top 3 ay:

korea
japan
mexico

so asan ang ph dyan???? aba aba hinahamon talaga tayo ng exo ph exols
Trump over here talking about a major conflict with north korea.

kim jong-un, I don't want zero problems, big fella.
Trump stating he is going to stop a trade deal between s. korea, after for weeks defending them against n. korea, is all you need to know.
The good news is, the conflict with north korea was solved.
the bad news is, your geography teacher was wrong.
south korea is now an island.
Marketing 3rd yrs goes to south korea!!! im also marketing student but 1st yr 😕
Wouldn't every single american expert on north korea take a call from the wh whether they like 45 or not? why is he refusing to learn?
No difference in 45 and that shit head in north korea. both sport bad hairdos both off the chain f in crazy both like to play pee games wtf
How much y'all wanna bet cheeto puff invades venezuela before syria or korea?
Trump using wise words with north korea conflict.
#disaster #trumpsterfire #first100days #feelslike1000days this guy just said in an interview that we're going to war with north korea
It's been brought to my attention that shit with trump &amp; north korea could go sideways.
if it does, just know on some level, I love you all!
Trump wary of 'major, major' conflict with north korea as un meets - cnn
Soon to be rest long hours to goes korea tonight ✈️👍
Trying to decide which airline to take to korea this time. I took korean air last time, it wasn't bad but prices right now are mahal!! 😩
All korean maps show usando(the old name for dokdo says korea) is 2km off ulleungdo but liancourt rocks is 92km away. htt ##liancourt_rocks
Seventeen's on their way back to korea?? is it just me or their 2 week stay in us was so short??
If north korea launches nukes, i'm going to duck and cover - grab my duck and lay down cover fire.
There is so much common ground... a divided korea remains a mighty spirit torn.
Oh seventeen are going back to korea now???
Why not balloon drop tvs into north korea
I'm wondering since I live in cali, should I start building my bomb shelter dice the west coast is possibly in range of north korea's nuked
Fifa u-20 world cup korea republic 2017.

#travelingowl #worldcup #koreatour #koreatrip #korea #soccer
"asian stocks drop, korea won hit after trump threat to trade pact" bonkers
If north korea starts a fight, it's like the upper peninsula of michigan attacking america. lol

the up would stand a better chance. lol
North korea is problematic in a way that I can look the other way for because I realllllly don't want that beef.
North korea: the death of kim jong-nam
Trump's bellicose rhetoric about n. korea is irresponsible, unpresidential, and extremely dangerous.  impeach before it's too late.
North korea's propaganda video looked looked about as real as that grocery store in #theinterview movie. you ninjizz need to vegetate 🚬 📹
My theory: trump wants a war to recover the american deterrence. he tried in syria but saw it's too complicated. so he chose north korea
Major, major conflict with north korea. absolutely.”
Mr #trump,respectfully,shut the fuck up. stop bullying #iran &amp; #korea.learn how 2 do ur own job.stop tweeting b4 u end up killing all of us.
I'll probaly end up pregnant coming back to korea from florida, oh well lmao.
'major' conflict with north korea a possibility, says trump u.s. president donald trump said on thursday a major conflict with north korea …
The cards president goes to direct north korea, and talk between two countries!
We who live in japan, korea are dead set against the situation that war happens in asia!
Breaking news: u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson reports that china demands north korea discontinues nuclear testing.
Trump is looking for a fight (north korea) to take the spotlight off of his treasonous russian ties and election manipulation.  #impeach45
South korea should be changed. even though it's the sacrifice for this game, everyone's now watching vr. and we're
More saber rattling on n. korea to distract from #russiagate while they try to sneak through #trumpcare. #resist #nevertrumpcare #atn
U.s. launched intercontinental balistic missile named minuteman Ⅲ.
 
this is a warning from u.s. to north korea.
Report: gza warns of 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Donald trump stokes world war iii fear, warns of 'major, major conflict' with north korea: "there is a chance that…
Korea thanks for seeing how the consequences would be unimaginable just like I prophetically told you last week about kids &amp; consequences 😔
Morning. president trump has said a major conflict w north korea is still possible - but he hopes the dispute can b solved through diplomacy
Wow cannot believe the whole i'm black but living in korea videos are still a thing on youtube..............
For the people saying north korea is a large threat to the u.s you are autistic. nk is poor and most of the pop is starving or locked up.
Of north korea policy after weeks of political limbo after park’s impeachment.
It seems like north korea is more impt to televise than our healthcare bill explained to all americans live on tv
If trump starts a war with north korea we're going to have to rip him limb from limb. so just don't, trump. I don't want to hurt you.
“there is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with north korea” if diplomatic efforts fail to resolve a
Enjoy not going to north korea all you can for the next few days, because soon it will no longer be there to not go to, I believe.
Wants to charge s korea for thaad
warns major, major conflic w/nk is likely

what did I leave out?
South korea's trending is all about political news! 😂
North korea is like that. henlo daddihelllo stinky boyfriendgo eat me ugly.
There's been a chance of a "major, major" conflict w/ n. korea for years. trump's genius is his ability to make any situation worse.
Trade deficit wise, for 27 billion (gain) south korea is making, 1 billion for thaad is not much to ask for. (but how you say it.)
I was eating dinner with a group of fellow moms tonight and one is in the process of adopting from south korea. she explained that there the
Ever in the middle of drowning puppies and kittens while yelling racial slurs, then remember "fuck I forgot to start a war with north korea"
Wtf? #chump cried a river about military action announcements by obama. now he's beating the war drum for n. korea. #impeach45 save lives
...and suddenly everybodys in korea
Chris wallace is against war with north korea. better tell the north koreans. #thefive
The boys are now coming back to korea~~~~
Ang cute ng school festival sa korea😭
So I never got a clear answer; is it ny, nj (where drills were), seattle, hawaii, south korea, or japan that #northkorea is going to nuke?
Ok ok! let’s just take a step back. what the hell is north korea’s beef with the usa anyway? and vice-versa?
I don't want to talk about trump I don't want to talk about syria I dont want talk about korea I don't want to talk about climate change
#youmightbeatrumpvoter if you don't mind south korea getting nuked as a result of trump's inability to see them as an ally.
Just a remember us can attack north korea anytime anywhere.
Can anyone get me one from korea?🙈
Us president #donaldtrump has again warned that a war could break out with north korea over its nuclear and missile programmes. #sabcnews
Let's straight up drop a nuclear bomb on north korea!!!!!!
North korea's mission is to exhibit muscle, provoke confrontation, generate fear linked to an immature, unstable &amp; fanatical dictator!
Us president #donaldtrump has again warned that a war could break out with north korea over its nuclear and missile programmes. #sabcnews
Did some one forget to inform trump that we have troops in south korea?
Japan: anime
korea: no anime

checkmate, fitzjames-san...
Going to mubank in sg is like gaon chart in korea style right? so should I just wait for twt to drop.
She said she wants to understand how deep gay people in relationships love one another but doesn't have the opportunity to b/c korea.
Russia and n korea are run by "bad hombres", who are ruthless killers.  it is infuriating to watch this "my d*ck is bigger" global crap.
Seventeen going back to korea finally!
This is what north korea said off-the-record about call of duty: "burger king is failing to meet the standards of cats."
Despite a possible war with north korea, donald trump has been a great president of the united states 🇺🇸
I'd honestly love to see the outcome of north korea face seal team 6. or just one navy seal. or if they can get a missile last japan.
Woke up this morning to see donald trump not ruling out military action against north korea! has that man ever looked in a mirror?
Major conflict with north korea at this point. why is he so surprised about this now?
North korea. china should have never endorsed anybody else, and we don't even on top of shootings, thousands since ronald
As states like china and north korea develop advanced capabilities to counter american ability to project military power
Trump demanding a billion dollars from south korea while it's being threatened by the north massively damages us credibility.
Trump says 'major, major' conflict with north korea possible, but seeks diplomacy
Trump is extorting protection fee from south korea. the us deployed a $1 billion missile defence system and wants south korea to pay for it.
Can we just blow up north korea already please. get it over with already
More saber rattling on n. korea to distract from #russiagate while they try to sneak through #trumpcare. #resist #nevertrumpcare #atn
I was off twitter for maybe an hour, do we have a new korea policy yet
Seomyeon is the commercial center and transportation hub in busan ,south korea. seomyeon is also the most crowded area in busan
I would say in a cool month we gonna go to war with north korea lmao
Omg I just discovered the voice korea.... 😢😢🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
Quotes were made in korea, you know!
Oohh seventeen is heading back to korea rn...
Trump tough on south korea:  looks like trump is ready to let north korea have south korea back without a fight, wimped out
Some of you lame ass djs like north korea, failure to launched
G-dragon went to a beyonce concert when she performed in south korea in 2009
Go away, south korea's not going to go away, and everyone in the world's eyes are on donald fucking trump as he bumbles around trying to neg
#thaad #koreanpeninsula trump would never be sabre rattling against north korea if the usa were at the same risk as south korea.
Some of you lame ass djs like north korea, failure to launch
I'm genuinely concerned for people in south korea, japan, and hawaii these days. and I hate that our president is only making things worse.
A submarine that carries us navy seals just arrived off the coast of north korea #breakingnews
Global markets-asian stocks drop, korea won hit after trump threat to trade pact
#business | investors, south korean tech suppliers brush off north korea threat #rtgfinance
The #gop truly has become the #partyofno - no #acarepeal, no #borderwall, no #taxreform, no #muslimban. at least there's no #korea.
Everybody and they mama wanted to go to south korea with me. when it came down to it,i took the trip by myself.
Poppies no longer on the earth. I can, and I will because I can. if you get me angry enough. n korea, you are already conquered.
Force south korea to renegotiate an existing trade deal by threatening north korea?  is that what trump is doing?  brilliant if so. #trump
Has the war started yet? what? we've been at war forever? 15 years now in afghanistan? iraq? latin america? vietnam? korea? nvm.
Who has a copy of may vogue korea?? dm me
I thought these tweets re: trump on n.korea were a joke. they are real?! oh for fucks sake. #shouldhaveknown #cheetojesus
Im still pretty sad pristin has a concert the day of my departure from korea like how u gon do me like dat pledis
Day 98: healthcare bill doesn't have votes again. fake north korea briefing. real war threats. no vetting of national security advisor.
Seomyeon is the commercial center and transportation hub in busan ,south korea. seomyeon is also the most crowded area in busan
Trump threatens war with north korea so the headlines will be about that &amp; not that yet another aca vote failed to happen in the house!
Me:yea i'm going back to korea for summer
coach at ot:ohhh that's cool! south korea or..just korea?
....i can't work out there anymore.
Conflict with n. korea is us` `biggest worry`: trump
Trump says ‘major’ conflict with north korea possible, but seeks diplomacy
D-3 to korea yassss im excited
Really bothers me how people joke around about the issues with north korea... ships w
It was prob north korea
I still have some more to expose myself from my predebut days in korea ❤️
Trump is the biggest moron on the planet.  he's going to get us all killed if he's not careful.    you don't taunt bat shit crazy n korea.
North korea is not doing anything new. or have they gained any additional firepower or threat in the last 4 months so..what's changed?
Asian stocks drop, korea won hit after trump threat to trade pact //channels.feeddigest.com/news?id=5366693388
Asian stocks drop, korea won hit after trump threat to trade pact //channels.feeddigest.com/news?id=5366693383
Bring me to korea pls.
Hello north korea and middle east real americans are not your enemy. if you have a score to settle seek the capital and the politicians
#theresistance --" a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with north korea. 
-trump most inarticulate president.
Trump wary of 'major, major' conflict with n. korea
Really bothers me how people joke around with the issues america has with north korea
Trade in russia, north korea, syria, iraq, iran and many other countries. the foreign office minister who will take the bill through
Mccain: military action against north korea can't be taken off table
Out of all, s.korea stop will always be the best for them tbvh its their land
Trump is afraid of north korea. he talks way too much but is no action. reminds me of 90 % or more white supremacists .
Wait are svt heading back to korea now? :o
Trump says that a "major conflict" with north korea is possible. that's the understatement of the year. try total annihilation. #auspol
I'm about to fly to korea and bring himchan, kihyun, and jooheon back home with me so I can feed them homemade italian food &gt;:(
Nicolas the second would've wanted north korea to collapse.  little asians with their tiny hands need to pay for what they did to him.
Todays line up^^

6:20pm - fun.q
7:40pm - areum

#회기 #댄스 #힙합 #seoul #korea #thecenter #hiphop #dance
J-99 south korea 😻✈✈✈✈✈
"investors, south korean tech suppliers brush off north korea threat" bonkers
Oh &amp; korea since my parents are moving there 🙃
Our president was not our choice.. what ever he is doing is not our voice.. north korea and its people need to handle what ever is wrong
Ok. enough of the puke. people have you ever really considered south korea? these artisans are impeccable. study their porcelain for example
Trump this evening used hyperbole to express the possibility of "major, major" conflict that is "absolutely" possible w n korea. ...
You know don't you that if everything is settled "the art of the deal : north korea" will be out don't you? #trump #northkoreacrisis
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Americans want north and south korea to solve their problems without usa involving, and us will help after they are leveling on the ground
My predebut photos in korea is asdghklk 🙈🙈
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Trump: chance of 'major' north korea conflict
Junmyeon: I think that mexico concert had been the loudest concert.

japan, ph, korea, sg, ny are all shooked #naexoka
Growing tensions with north korea should worry global electronics firms such as apple inc as they source key parts from south korea, but in…
U.s. president donald trump said a major conflict with north korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, while chin…
Asian stocks were mostly lower friday amid renewed jitters over north korea and conflicting signals from president donald trump about u.s. …
Stocks slump as putin warns korea situation is "deteriorating"
And ye why music bank in sg seems more like dream concert than the original one in korea lol
Went to korea store here in baguio 💕
Korea is far from jkt. even from my place it takes a night.
Dear #maga
your choice for president really wants to start a war with n. korea that would get 25k us soldiers in s. korea killed instantly.
“trump says there's potential for 'major conflict' with north korea”

there's potential for major conflict with every nation. even america.
My old roommate lives in south korea and she's so frustrated right now ;;;;;; it's breaking my heart
Growing tensions with north korea should worry global electronics firms such as apple inc as they source key parts from south korea, but in…
U.s. president donald trump said a major conflict with north korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, while chin…
Growing tensions with north korea should worry global electronics firms such as apple inc as they source key parts from south korea, but in…
Asian stocks were mostly lower friday amid renewed jitters over north korea and conflicting signals from president donald trump about u.s. …
U.s. president donald trump said a major conflict with north korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, while chin…
Asian stocks were mostly lower friday amid renewed jitters over north korea and conflicting signals from president donald trump about u.s. …
Theyre only sold in korea and china I love suffering
America and north korea. keep calm. world peace.
Reminder that korea is continuously flooding viet nam w/its shitty idols and music and even its fucking snack foods.
Lrt us military says they want to be able to take it back whenever. so together they want korea to pay retail cost to rent it 🤔
Just think about it for a second. south korea( goals to perfection). good natured. vs. n korea( puke of the earth). major economy( heroin)
When I go to korea after three freaking years i'm gonna buy all of btob's albums mark my words
Chris wallace is right! my hubby served in s.korea, millions of lives are at stake. esp the us &amp; s. korean troops headed north! #thefive
#northkorea has the worst human rights record of any country conceivable. if you could dream up a psycho-country, it would be north korea.
When will svt go back to korea?
#news #reuters trump: "major, major" conflict with n.korea possible, but seeks diplomacy: openn | europese omroep | trump: "major, major…
Re n korea - one of the rules any sane person knows is you never engage in a fight with a crazy person cause they'll fight to the death.
Trump say that this country is headed into a major conflict with north korea!!!😞😞😵😵
One good thing is I told my superior I am going to korea in june and he went 'christ's sake! tell u have a man there!'
If trump hit that red button on his desk and someone brought him a pepsi instead of a coke, think he might nuke north korea in a hissy fit.
Yo north korea no one is gonna invade you chill
Jesus christ! south korea, like mexico is not going to pay for a thing. I feel like all americans should be bowing in apology to the world
So he precipitated the tension with north korea so he could offer s korea some protection. cunning.
A "major conflict" with north korea will be major only for war profiteers and gravediggers.
Donald trump has praised china's president xi jinping for his handling of north korea.#croozefmnews
So trump hopes that the leader of north korea is rational....good luck with that because we thought you were too...
With the other presidents we weren't near war with n korea. we didn't pay much attention to their propaganda. trump is a fool.
Stop this tumultuous condition between america and north korea... we don't want world war 3.
"north koreans hates the west and westerners." "north korea puts on elaborate, fake theatre for westerners." lmfao.
If trump hit that red button on his desk and someone brought him a pepsi instead of a coke, think he might nuke north korea in a hissy fit.
*drops korea tour for japan tour because of the minion park*
I saw that svt are on their way to korea and I started crying???
Trump would rather go to war with n. korea than turn m. flynn documents to congress and hide cover up what a shit 💩 bag
North korea got baby missiles
"north korea hates the west and westerners." "north korea puts on elaborate, fake theatre for westerners." lmfao.
I thought liberals had "progressed" since korea, vietnam, desert storm etc
Us secretary of state says china asked n korea to stop nuclear tests
In god's quest to kill he will use trump to execute war with north korea. but americans will be killed, no matter how or where.
Trump: "i really thought being president would be easier, which is why i've decided to start a war with north korea."
Trump in his idiotic logic is trying to goad n korea into a nuclear war to take eyes off his 100 days of failure.
#crazyvscrazy
Lol I knew they would go back to korea either today or tomorrow
Do you think we will get into a war with north korea during trump's administration?
"u.s. warns of possible conflict with north korea, china says situation could escalate" bonkers
"asian stocks lower as north korea jitters flare" bonkers
Every morning I wake up expecting to see an email saying i've been drafted to go to war with north korea
Trump will start a war with korea in order to stop the russian, flynn, et al investigations! gop, trumpters, is this what you wanted?
Tensions still high over north korea. 28th.april 2017
Seventeen going back to korea today?
What happen to the war on isis? now north korea? what about the beaners? the aliens? the illegals?
We could have a "major major conflict with n.korea"! so saith fuhrer trump, tonight! more bs deflection, looking for headlines!#trumprussia!
South korea got to have $$$ to even develop a media scene bc we directly participated in the vietnam war... that's p messy, but no1curr.
So president 45 say there could be a military conflict with north korea wow 2 crazy leaders!
Kihyun's bitchass better be eating i'll fly to korea and make sure he is if thats what I have to do—
It is my last weekend in korea 😅
Honestly, we don't think about north korea enough. there's a whole country under a dictatorship! am I the only concerned one?!!
Press release: trump and tillerson announce initial strike agains n. korea. plan is to ram it with exxon valdez....
Trump is using a potential war with north korea as a barganing chip for trade deals with south korea.

this man is an incompetent moron.
I'm going to korea just to bring back a whole suitcase of oreo cereal. man I miss that shit 😭
#trump warns that ‘major, major conflict’ with north korea is possible
#trump warns that ‘major, major conflict’ with north korea is possible
#trump warns that ‘major, major conflict’ with north korea is possible
Could the pentagon shut this motherfucker up before he gets us attacked? can we just give him 2 n korea or russia? get him out of here!
I might be the last one to have heard this but trump just told reuters we could be heading into a serious conflict with n korea. don't talk.
Cerita korea lain gik. always dump the good guy (which is always the 2nd lead) and ended up with the bad guy (1st lead)
North korea warned it will wipe america "off the face of earth" after accusing us of planning a chemical weapons attack. wipe out earth!
"mama, will north korea really bomb seattle first?"
 
😭😭😭
Sf9 japan version included in global itunes and korea streaming site fkdnkdjddi

why ftisland and cnblue not ㅠㅠ
why warner music jp why fnc
Pero before I go, the energy of mexican exols are so high just imagine the encore of ted in korea 😱💖😭
So svt is on their way back to korea ohhhh
U.s. floats talks with north korea, shuns regime change
Convinced potus is actively preparing for conflict w n korea. reuters quotes dt, there is chance for major conflict- dt is bldg toward it.
Why is north korea a major problem all of a sudden? 

again with the pre-emptive war doctrine; we learned nothing from iraq.
Humanz is garbage I hope north korea fucks us
Trump tells reuters, there is a chance that we could end up having a major major conflict with north korea, absolutely. wtf? dangerous idiot
Let's go to war, my president. send a missile via satellite in chubby in north korea
* tensions grow between u.s. and n.korea over missile program
Yes they're going back to korea now yey!!!!
Trump will blame the dems for his war with n korea. he had to wage war to distract public from flynn &amp; #trumprussia they left him no choice.
They need syria and n korea because both countries have no central bank. nwo world currency needs world banking system thru central banks.
North korea thinks they're tough? haha. they got nothing, I tell ya! nuthin!!!
Asian stocks were mostly lower friday amid renewed jitters over north korea and conflicting signals from president donald trump about u.s. …
I wish melon wasn't just available in korea so I could support my fave songs there
North korea sustains itself without bombing &amp; abusing other countries. the u.s. conducts imperial missions &amp; is still plagued by poverty. 🤔
Talk about spirituality, science, or about his childhood in korea...and both of them would constantly say how grateful they were for us
"major major conflict with n. korea" I mean... told ya so 💁🏼
Donald trump warns of ‘major conflict’ if north korea diplomacy fails
Seventeen flying back to korea today??? have a safe flight my booooys! pledis_17
😩 fuckin stop touching north korea because they're not gonna attack y'all they're gonna attack japan
Morea: gk moreas, english pron. “maw-ri-uh” as in korea: the medieval peleoponnesus/lower greece. 1st used in byzantine chronicles of c10th.
Lmaooooo seoul korea will never pay for it. koreans hate it and all the leading presidential campaigns are criticizing its deployment
Evening emerald hui slogans have shipped from korea. I need ems payments asap. #kahoupdates
We could end up having a major, major conflict with north korea. diplomatic solutions are very, very, difficult. this is huge, huge, stuff
#f2b trump pre presidency was talking up russia and south korea...how much of this kimjun rhetoric is really about south korea ??
#japanese and south koreans of reddit. how do you feel about the escalating tensions? is it important to confront north korea or is the ame…
China pumps billions into north korea? if north korea is our enemy, what does that make china?  north korea
Lmfao someone in korea just spent an hour n 45 mins on fvc after I posted about her seoul gig she needs to hire me as ha manager
Free trade pact with south korea to making seoul pay for a sophisticated anti-missile system deployed now on its soil as well as the need
Watching that bigbang show on youtube red and a grocery clerk was showing her love for gd. her daughter is a vip too. bb, korea's bg indeed.
Us admiral says n. korea crisis is at worst point he's seen      a significant reason for that is trump's off the cuff provoking comments.
I'm used to not spending time online and missing memes, but how did I miss the imminent threat of north korea?
Waiting for the false flag that makes us bomb the shit out of north korea...
Shawn needs to visit south korea
The next trade war: trump threatens to terminate "horrible" trade deal with south korea
Remember, avoid south korea (while praying for them) during this period.
Trump said a major conflict with north korea was possible. let the chinese take the weapons away from n. korea..
The only thing i'm really worried about moving to south korea isn't north korean threats, it's the fact that there is no ranch dressing
For saudi arabia to pay more for u.s. military protection and the prospect of a war with north korea.
Im crying in lingala theres this group of congolese graduate students that sing trot in korea
Trump basically said that the chances of us going to war with north korea are very likely
Bih I still cant adapt when malaysia is well known by korea like kpop world festival 2017 in malaysia????!!!!
Hkg airport fc hkg s korea police nk- kansai airport ikeuchi name softbank death day. mobile field permit groups problem free mail password
Fuck north korea
North korea releases video footage of simulated attack blowing up the white house
7 dorks who stole my heart and are taking on korea by storm 😻💗🏹💫
They accidentally shipped my face wash to korea south so that's why I couldn't do my essay.
I'm tired of n. korea, tired of the threats, they all talk, always will be
146 users and 169 tweets (135 rts) in 6 days made '사눈꽃' a trending topic in korea. #trndnl
[ the showcase is in six hours from now going off of korea time. it wont be a rabbit or anything but a selfpara or dm is fine.
Mailer attacked from 211.234.100.203 (as7620 kr, korea, republic of)
Jung hoseok is definitely in korea while me waiting a a right time to meet him (???)
Oh svt are already going back to korea?? I hope they have a safe flight :}
Don't you love hearing how journalists would deal with n. korea? we have technology that can wipe them out without losing a single person.
Okay so what time is taemin leaving korea
Is there anyone that actually trusts trump on north korea
Trump predicts a major major conflict with no korea. how can that b interrupted other than war? he's gonna do it, the crazy man.
Trump is asking everyone to pay. mexico, south korea, india, china, saudi. except he doesn't pay anything to irs :)
Turns out when trump was taking about a rogue nuclear state threatening world peace he meant nth korea not israel!
The threat is real from n. korea. this is what happens with inexperience &amp; no diplomatic skills trump's bullying brings us #removetrump 2..
When north korea threatens...we all just keep going about our lives knowing that dude is just a fat kid with some useless toys
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
Like fly y'all asses to korea and get a proper chorus written for y'all. sick of this blandness going on in the states!
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
#trump,on a collision course in korea but not against #northkorea, but #southkorea, his latest remarks about thaad r creating a huge scandal
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
Also, is now really the time to pick a trade fight w south korea? maybe we should keep them on our side. you know, to help w north korea?
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
Can korea or who ever nuke the hell out of us already 😪 i'm tired ugh
Did bts leave korea already?
i haven't seen the airport pics...
North korea, he would rather have the taxpayers fork over all the money to bus 100 senators over to the white house.
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
Wanna go to south korea just for and pizza it looks so bomb😭
If trump were deliberately setting out to provoke a crisis with south korea, it would be the most successful fp effort of his first 100 days
Last night in my dream I went on a day trip to north korea and when I got back i'd time travelled lol weird
Trump quoted as saying that "major, major" conflict with north korea possible, but seeks diplomacy. I call bullshit
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
I never want to leave korea town let me stay
North korea chose their bellicose path. the world was never going to let a crazy fat kid have nuclear armed icbm's. war inches closer😨
North korea chose their bellicose path. the world was never going to let a crazy fat kid have nuclear armed icbm's. war inches closer😨
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
Colossal drags a little in the middle, but it's a relationship movie for our time. and weird. and unpredictable. and…are men north korea?
Fake war! north korea and a history of dummy weapons - bbc news
We need to nuke north korea! just launch everything we got and make that country one big hole! problem solved!
Us admiral says n. korea crisis is at worst point he's seen      very dangerous &amp; sad to note how this explosive tinder box is being handled
America should work according to calculations. syria, pakistans, north korea, neighborhoods, will be difficult to deal with. moteby sohel
China will step on n. korea if they have to. they don't want a war on their doorstep.

#f2b
Also my boy gwanghyun deserves better but korea are all antis
Only in ph:
"it feels like korea"
"one of the most impressive concert"
"do you have korean academy?"
"you really sing well"
💕💕
#naexoka
If dane cook is tweeting about north korea we are all fucked
I will build the first building have tim hortons and wendy's in north korea the first step
Global markets-asian stocks drop, korea won hit after trump threat to trade pact
Korea's fucked up
If a real president said 'we may be in a major, major conflict with n korea', we'd be somewhat panicked..with trump..who knows? hyperbole??
Icymi: s korea's kia motors sets up its first plant in india in ap, with an investment of $1.1 billion #makeinindia …
The judgment of god will visit north korea and the korean peninsula. 
ajc
'talk instead of yelling at north korea' - russian diplomat
Before nuclear weapons, north korea had deadly plots
And…if men *are* north korea, what country are women (who are not necessarily south korea but are maybe just looking for peace+a good time)?
Can we all agree; right or left, that something needs to be done about north korea before it is too late? sanctions=not a solution! #moab
Skylar will single-handedly destroy north korea with his vape
So korea has 2 olys spot which probably would go to eunsoo and dabin and only one spot for men (f u c k)
I have just completed an excellent sponsored post for a high pr mummy blog! i'm sending a botnet armada to north korea. pathetic!
Trump is not the man we want dealing with north korea. a lot of people are probably going to die because of this fascist. great job america
Can we all agree; right or left, that something needs to be done about north korea before it is too late? sanctions=not a solution! #moab
There’s a shutdown it’s the democrats’ fault. trump has spoken in a wide-ranging interview about north korea, nafta and how he
Its barely sinking in i'm so sorry sjbshs I almost cried when I went to the korea times office and saw nct on an advertisement
3rd yr marketing goes to south korea, still a first yr so imma.. 😕
We must also simultaneously attack china, which attacks north korea.
Down: dns_lookup cn asia (zhengzhou - zzgiant) (10.240.192.1) reported from kr asia (s. korea - kt4 idc)
Americans will not pay more money and lives for korea even north korea wins the war.we can help. we don't want any weapons going of korea
Just saw this vid abt korea's diff accent in different province they shud come to msia.
Down: dns_lookup cn asia (beijing - aliyun) (10.245.128.1) reported from kr asia (s. korea - kt4 idc)
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
So trump just had a nuclear target (thaad) put on a golf course in south korea and he wants the south koreans to pay him $1bn for it. -_-
World: north korea stop firing missiles
north korea: omg it's for a video project jeez no one understands me *plays my chemical romance*
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
To those who want to go to korea - I hope you don't just go there for the sake of kpop. learn their culture and traditions too smh 🤦‍♂️
Trump threatens to cyberscrap 'horrible' south korea cybertrade deal
I can't think of a more ridiculous war to pick than w north korea. I can think of a dozen more humanitarian ones #dontreadthepapers #trump
Donald trump's bizarro world: he is beginning to salivate over the prospect of war with n. korea. it's such a rush! are you feeling safer?
Part 3:

including the news  rooms,.....

they have  parodied  ppl,......

including  korea  (north)

that's a fat  korean......-parody
Why is reddy's concert on the 20th and not the 25th when i'd be in korea😢
Tensions have almost reached the boiling point as the united states finds itself in a stand-off with north korea.
Krystal's korean name is 정수정 (jung soo-jung), 수정 means crystal in korea.
#news #reuters trump: "major, major" conflict with n.korea possible, but seeks diplomacy: openn | europese omroep |…
Investors, south korean tech suppliers brush off north korea threat: new york/san francisco (reuters) - growing tensions… #businessnews
Maybe if diplomacy fails with north korea it might be because you don't have any fucking diplomats!
Could you find out who invade national security law of south korea? before law will be changed. he is major suspect.
#trendingnow in korea -- #사드비용 (15,395 tweets)
And im from malaysia. hahah exo such a sweet talker. hahahah but mexico really loud
 they are at another level of screaming after korea.
Let keep the weapons of korea blowing korea people not anyone outside of their country. good luck to them that we can save american lives
Trump korea fri, 28 apr 2017 00:00:00 cdt
Open audition for namja ( cowo ) untuk cover dance boygroup korea, minat? mention!
Definitely north korea is crazier than the old king george.
Die north korea 北朝鮮死ね
I want to go to korea
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
Trump administration wants north korea at negotiating table on nuclear weapons
President trump says there's a chance the us "could end up having a major, major conflict with north korea"  …
Told her. yup il go have a baby and give it to her to take care of..and then I come back to korea and continue living it up 😂
"he also said he wants south korea to pay the cost of the us thaad anti-missile defence system, which he estimated at us$1 billion .."  wow
Geopolitics is getting mixed up with economics by trump (us-china trade in exchange for solving north korea problem)  #trump100days
This aint a drill, svt are on their way back to korea and pledis might start releasing the cb teasers so prepare ur emotional state in case
" ...and intends to renegotiate or terminate a us free trade pact with south korea because of a deep trade deficit with seoul..." oh?
Trump called reuters to say this tonight: "there is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with n.korea. absolutely,"
Philippines: hawak kamay
mexico: sabor a mi 
korea: lucky

exo expressing their love to different traditions thru a song ❤
#exordiuminmexico
Withdraw american people out of korea they solve their own problem... south korea want to take advantage to take american money for 50 years
Feels like about a 30% chance we're involved with north korea by this time next week.
Rt .realdonaldtrump terrible! north korea releases video of attack on washington d.c.! very bad. #maga
Here's the issue of the moment! trump warns that 'major, major conflict' with north korea is possible - new york times
I feel like korea has like five of those kings robes and they just use them all over and over for diff dramas until they worn out
Hypocrisy! china criticises deployment of thaad in south korea against viable threat yet deploys missiles south china sea against no threat.
But if svt goes back to korea then they might start releasing teasers ohmygosh
I kept thinking they do sell hot packs sa korea then sa philippines ni 7 eleven walang cold packs whats wrong wake up producers
Rly hope we don't get into thermonucleophile warfare with n. korea :-(  sad!
Realised i'm sitting at over 9 times the global average connection speed.
i'm even twice the average speed of south korea &amp; they crazy.
North korea...business as usual until we suddenly decide that "we're threatened."

we are the provocateurs.
South korea paying for thaad 'impossible': adviser to presidential frontrunner  #forex
This aint a drill, svt are on their way back to korea and pledis might start releasing the cb teasers so prepare ur emotional state in case
But if svt goes back to korea then they might start releasing teasers ohmygosh
Shot down harder then north korea's missle tests :)
It won't be long before north korea has an icbm armed with a nuclear warhead… and for this, obama won a nobel prize. #presidentopeaceprize
Investors, south korean tech suppliers brush off north korea threat //channels.feeddigest.com/news?id=5366771613
Up10tion are finally promoting somewhere else other than korea and japan i'm so happy for them!!! they're finally getting the exposure😭
The postcard I post from korea took 2 months to arrived 😂😂🔫
I kept thinking convience stores in korea streets do sell hot packs n philippines dont even contain cold packs to get filo citizens chill
S. korea is a sock puppet
Sunhwa college in baekje art college in seoul, south korea
#trump #northkorea trump doesn't give a rats ass about the hellfire that maniac in no. korea will rain down on so. korea if us attacks.
10 pm in la now and they're finally coming back to korea any time soon aaaa have a safe flight my boys 💕
South korea works with obama-ly's group for 8 years to kill a lot of americans. 42,250 american deaths are south korea involving to kill
"tillerson to lay u.n. groundwork to boost north korea sanctions" bonkers
Forgot this upperdiv im taking isn't only about christianity in korea but also korean christianity in film
&lt;sabor a mi&gt; is now trending in
korea because of kyungsoo
sang it again in
#exordiuminmexico
-serenadyo-
v. zh cole
v. shin min-mi
No previews of bangtan leaving korea? :c where are they
Omg svt is coming back to korea? :'(
Trying to find a legal way to watch the new doctor who from korea is... very difficult.
The president also said he wants south korea to pay for the $1 billion thaad missile defense system, reuters said.
1조가 누구집 멍멍이 이름인가.
North korea escalation. #concerning #usa
My kuya just came home from south korea and now he's in balesin, in a few days he'll be going to singapore and i've never been so jealous 😩
Her korean name is 정수정 (jung soo-jung), 수정 means crystal in korea
Maybe when trump heard supporters say they wanted him to 'blow up the establishment' he took them literally and invited north korea to help?
War with n. korea. sounds like we fucked. gg world, and thanks republicans, you fucked this up. this is your fault
Trump says 'major, major' conflict with north korea possible but seeks diplomacy if dt says it twice or a 3peat, is he convincing him or us?
North korea's recent propaganda video looks like it was made using windows moviemaker
Ok y'all, put your thinking (foil) caps on &amp; tell me why war with north korea is a good plan
Asked my student to buy me masks when she was in korea apparently the faceshop had 10+10 promo I have 30 masks out of the money I gave her 🤣
#gold at $1264 might be a snip-missed this earlier

trump says 'major, major' conflict with north korea possible, but seeks diplomacy - rtrs
In n korea hkg s korea - ebay talk  japanese death year
I am going to be furious if the united states spoil my bank holiday weekend with their stuff and nonsense about north korea.
Rvil america goes after n.korea and syria..but invite anal penetration by the financiers,sponsors of the 911 attackers.. the saudi royals.
Donald trump said south korea thaad pay for 1 million
My kuya's going to korea tomorrow till may 2 and im thinking if I should go too 🤔
Reports are there are 2 "sets ' of seals that have been in north korea for over 3 weeks..expect some good stuff real soon.
So I was made aware of someone talking about never gone flopping in korea. girl, get your facts straight
Birthplace: incheon, south korea
Fox news poll: 53% favor military action to stop north korea nukes - fox news poll: 67 percent approve of us using…
Stage name: yeeun/예은
real name: jang yeeun/장예은
nicknames: n/a
birthday: august 10, 1998
birthplace: dongducheon, gyeonggi, south korea
#reutersstory cable news aghast at trump's words about north korea. print media cant get over his "being president is hard"
America: "watch out" north korea: "no, u watch out" china: "can we work it out?" #northkoreacrisis #kimjongun #china #usa #potus
Twitters nice.  nobody really looks at my tweets and I kind of just lurk around and maybe see something about north korea or elco fights
Bernie sanders ditches trump administration's 'road show' north korea briefing: sanders tries to be a road show himself he,s clintons puppet
I brought these really nice bottles of california rosé to korea to give as gifts, but accidentally drank them in gwangju with a girl instead
Poll: trump voters only! do you support a preemptive strike on north korea?
One of our msian uaenas went to korea recently and saw iu in person earlier! so happy for her!
I wanna go to korea not because of the place  but bec of the hot koreans poh there
I want to go tt_tt I already booked my hk to manila on 22 may, should I cancel and book hk to korea... tt_tt my visa is still valid...
45 warns of possible war w/n. korea
wants to stop trade w/s. korea
flip flops on nafta
his current job is hard.

i prefer him golfing.
If the orange doom attacks the dprk – modernizing the nation on the level of south korea would cost trillions and takes decades.
U.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will press the united nations security council on friday to further isolate north korea by swiftly im…
Trump likes to play 3-card monte with everyone. the con leads us to choose the wrong card. taxes, healthcare, korea. which will it be?
Us the hostage taker created the tension between the 2 koreas now asking s korea to pay and seoul refused so trump threat 2 cut trade deals.
A princess of north corea was a step mother of lord rama but none of saffrons say anything when america n north korea r going to war
Old proverbs:
"the us can never win a war it starts" &amp;
"n korea can't hit a barn door"
qed: both put your penises away. 
luv
rest of world
First thing im gonna do in south korea is to eat in toreore who knows red velvet might appear whilst eating my last chicken bone
U.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will press the united nations security council on friday to further isolate north korea by swiftly im…
Heck, even the german unification is still not done and the frg and gdr had closer levels of development than dprk and south korea.
First thing im gonna do in south korea is to eat in toreore who knows red velvet might appear whilst eating my last chicken bone
U.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will press the united nations security council on friday to further isolate north korea by swiftly im…
How the fuck is the leader of north korea 27
My leave is like half over..... korea is coming so quick wtfff
Gonna be in korea for anniversary party but how to get a ticket fk
Only 100 days in office and already trump warns that ‘major, major conflict’ with north korea is possible 🤔☹️👎🏼
Shinee anniversary party.. im in korea but not in seoul lollll
Or buy a story from korea that would be perfect! omg sino ang gagawa ng story sa movie na gagawin ni lee min ho at rain with gma network?
”found in korea” president park's father's signature is a evidense korean gvnt administrated comfortwomen directly after &amp; during korean war
Going to korea costs you hellots of money and you might can go once in your life time (unless ur a rich kid)
I think it's probably time to accept that korea will never be over irene and bogum
So... #cnn is the timing for your 9/11 documentary priming us for war with north korea or is my calendar off? like honestly why now? 🤔🤔
Trump threatens to terminate free trade deal with south korea, says he wants seoul to pay for thaad missile defense system
F-secure’s japan office is taken over by pro-n.korea xtreme leftists.  manager leaked prv. info of anti-comms. #itsecurity #politics
Google news: "trump warns of major, major conflict with north korea." he admits his bunker can only hold three other americans.
Make spark happen that causes north korea a civil war , meanwhile just take a chill pill #politics #101
I'll be honest i'd rather go to korea it seems a lot safer and smarter.
I hope theresa may confirms uk troops will stand alongside us if war starts with n korea/syria : strong and stable pm! #votetory #labour
I want to go to korea 🏯😭😭😭😍😂
If I start a korea count down am I gonna get anxious bc i'm lowkey scared
Pegi korea wont promise u to see the idol ftf cuz they're so busy
Trump wants to renegotiate or terminate 'horrible' trade deal with south korea, wants it to pay for $1-billion thaad missile defense:reuters
Breaking: trump says he wants to terminate or negotiate trade deal with south korea
... my mom didn't question how or why I have friends in korea... wow...
Breaking: president trump says there is possibility of a 'major, major' conflict with north korea (via reuters)
Trump says conflict with north korea possible. how many thumb wars counts as a military loss?
Korea is wet over irene &amp; bogummy hosting a music bank special together again
This kind of dystopia often exists in the future in media, but exists today- north korea, uae, russia, even parts of usa (media?) #engl3246
This is sad and relieving moment for people of south korea as usa erected its #thaad anti ballistic missile system to save them from nk
Nuclear tests in north korea could cause the eruption of a massive volcano that could wipe out populations across…
They have no political power. they are sure they are winning, because they only watch their own media. they become no. korea within the u.s.
Is svt already in korea?
Out of 2ne1, she has the most number of fans in her individual fancafe in korea and japan. (bom fact)
Shinee are working so much this year, they'll immediately fly back to korea after hk swcv &amp; next day attend the 9th anni party.
Do not be surprised if the biggest casualty of blotus' blundering foray into korea is a sizeable crack in the alliance betw us and s. korea
"i'm tired"

*looks at #hgc schedule

"oh neat, I don't have to stay up to watch korea."
"there is a chance that there would be a major major conflict with north korea" - trump.
your president, people !
Is there any chance that i'll see exo members on may 2, 3, and 4 in korea? :(
I can stop waking up early in the morning when they come back to korea...lol
Ok but u can't make a comparison by saying "i go out wearing makeup in korea in a v conservative country &amp; get no stares!!"
From trump's talk you'd almost think that south korea bullied the us into the free trade agreement and deploying thaad in korea.
The madman thinks that by starting a war with north korea that will save his and his buddies illegal asses....somebody stop him!
We are the north, we are korea.  we are the ones who want to nuke your ass, so don't invade us. #wethenorth
When culturally the concept of makeup/hygiene is completely different in korea/the west!!!!
I'd like to have an insightful conversation about north korea with literally anyone right now
I made it to korea!! i'm so excited to finally be here!
Top uk non-eu export markets, 2015:

#10 south korea
#11 saudi arabia
#12 norway
#13 russia
#14 turkey
#15 south africa

ons
“ i’m going to give every last bit of my passion for dance to exo. I want to help letting the world know the sound of korea. ” - kai
A smart move by usa placing #thaad in south korea, now if any asian country ever launch missile on usa ,it will be destroyed within asia
Down: tcp_port us east (chicago - tzulo) (10.249.144.1) reported from kr asia (s. korea - kt4 idc)
The us president is warning of a major conflict with north korea.
North korea wasn't a rush/ trying to watch blade runner intensifies for our team as we started our team as we finish up just
Thinking of doing another fanproj for when I go back to korea on sept~ for both svt and monsta x (maybe) lmao
I mean, wouldn't half of the world bomb the shit out of north korea if they even tried something? or is it just a dream I had the other day?
#russia warns #us against syria-style action v n #korea problem! #trump #pentagon think nuclear war is winnable so what could go wrong doh
#xrim #money business

rex tillerson seeks to boost pressure on north korea on his first visit to the un security council …
🔶 tillerson chairs meeting at un security council on north korea
The people pissed about officer d.va must think the "south" in "south korea" refers to its location relative to the mason-dixon line.
"south korea: no plan to fix us trade deal or pay for thaad" bonkers
"exclusive: trump vows to fix or scrap south korea trade deal, wants missile system payment" bonkers
Please n. korea don't bomd japan or s. korea just bomb the gop thanks
[fact]her korean name is 정수정 (jung soo-jung), 수정 means crystal in korea
I'll never get over the fact that korea is actually voting for that wink kid up to #1. korean fans always finding new ways to disappoint me.
Why i'm not living in korea
Trump is going to start a war with n.korea to show he's a big man! I can't stand our country being run by a bad snake oil salesman. no #ww3
Us secretary of state says china asked n korea to stop nuclear tests
Lee jung shin-confession  new fav korea song?
Donald trump warns of ‘major conflict’ if north korea diplomacy fails
Please n. korea japan and s. korea had nothing to do with this its all the gop so bomb them we the people want care
Why do I have to leave my bf and go to korea for a whole year🙄🙄
India to supply only food, medicine to north korea
Back from japan! first game of league after 6 days. mid open! welcome back to korea.
It better not be this windy on saturday during the korea music festival 🙄
Why do koreaboos think everything about korea is kpop fjsjgjksg did yall ever study the smallest amount of world history in school or
Ha baby daddy said he was taking her son to disney world &amp; then he took her baby to north korea
Trump's talking "major, major" conflict w/ n korea.  
goes golfing once with xi &amp; think's china will support us over their cousins dpkr?
#dc
Even though I can afford to go to korea I still won't be able to go bc 'uni'
#donaldtrump best president we have had in the past four years of not more! fuck korea their outta control!
Tomorrow i'll be in seoul for a layover, so please don't start a nuclear war with korea please.
If we invade north korea be sure to tell them all to buy lust for life on itunes once they get access to the internet
Regarding #northkorea, regional nations like south korea and japan aren't ready or willing to "take out" kim jung-un, why should we? #trump
Can I just live in korea rn?
Odd how south korea is a really advanced country in various things like technology in general but then so ignorant when it comes to lgbt
N korea putting usa 🇺🇸 in the line of fire. some say he's crazy or is he crazy like a fox. he must die for he will never give up. gods great
South korea on a slippery zone, north's aggressive behavior straining its economy &amp; on d other mr.trump making it to pay for missile defense
The view from the chinese border with north korea
This whole korea thing.....let's not do that. please.
More saber rattling on n. korea to distract from #russiagate while they try to sneak through #trumpcare. #resist #nevertrumpcare #atn
Or even something like the fat kid in north korea starts flexing. temporarily relocate seoul to the utah compound.
🔶 tillerson chairs meeting at un security council on north korea
6. when kibum first came to korea, donghae was the 1st person to hug him and welcome him.
Seventeen are now heading back to korea. have a safe flight our sebongies! 😊
I need my bro dennis rodman to squash this north korea beef before trump get's us all fried to dearh
South korea to 'wait and see' after trump threat to scrap free trade deal  #forex
I'm sorry I was busy with works so I delay shipping for too long ;; i've finish packing for go and korea fans! i'll ship out next week!
Korea has been refusing to come out to fight in international court to settle the dispute over #liancourt_rocks (#takeshi ##liancourt_rocks
Breaking: here's what north korea secretly said about modern art: "our company smells like a new car."
North korea released an isis style video of them blowing up america far out lol
Investors, south korean tech suppliers brush off north korea threat: new york/san francisco (reuters) - growing…
Yallthe joseon korea spotify ad is lit the rap is great who did it
If some shit goes down with u.s pulling a stunt with n.korea it will be when sally yates is testifying. don't fall for it #northkorea
Forget n.korea...keep your 👀 on syria
Ph: ang bilis makalimot akala ko ba tayo loudest 

korea: nakakahiya sainyo. kami ba nag complain?

ph:
korea:
exo:
mexico: 

#naexoka
President trump says a "major conflict" with north korea is possible......
1,889 users and 1,999 tweets (1800 rts) in 3 weeks made '이발관' a trending topic in korea. #trndnl
How bad is the parking situation in s.korea for children to be writing about making more parking spaces if they ever become president there?
:( why am I 9 h away from s korea :(
Will paul kagame intervene to defend north korea against usa aggresssion? is usa aware that attacking north korea is also attacking rwanda?
Trump warmongering about north korea: this time last year you'd have laughed it off, now not just scary its #nwo un agenda 21/30 on plan
People think that war with n korea will be like #ww3 , it's most likely going to be us shooting down a few missiles, then glassing pyongyang
#rok #korea given the firepower of nk only a massive pre-emptive us nuclear strike would minmize destruction of s.korea. not worth it trump
We could be at war with north korea any second and that's terrifying
Us president donald #trump has indicated that there might be a major conflict with north korea.
$xsist -90400-90700.best-case.target + 89900.going.vertical-down. " mr. roger trump(et) is about declare war to north korea"
Top uk non-eu export markets, 2015:

#10 india
#11 south korea
#12 saudi arabia
#13 norway
#14 russia
#15 turkey
#16 south africa

ons
I could afford half a life in korea w that holy shit
🇬🇧 south korea to 'wait and see' after trump threat to scrap free trade deal (reuters)
It's 1:41 am and i'm ready to go to war with north korea
Trump threatens war with n korea &gt; everyone starts to worry about potential war &gt; trump doesn't go to war after all &gt; kudos for trump.
Us president #donaldtrump has indicated that there might be a major conflict with north korea.
Seems like dva is crashing games

korea too strong
Exclusive: trump says 'major, conflict with north korea possible,seeks diplomacy:if something isn.t done now they wil attack us with nuclear
South korea to 'wait and see' after zafira threat to scrap free trade deal
South korea paying for willesden 'impossible' adviser to presidential frontrunner
🖥: the voice kids || korea
#mp asian stocks lower as north korea jitters flare - washington post
Watching trump "dealing" with n.korea is like watching a toddler play with a chainsaw in a kindergarten group.
Allies like south korea and canada have been replaced by better allies like russia, china, and turkey.
We are going to war with north korea, mcdonald's is getting rid of orange hi-c, and giraffes still can't lay down and sleep.... absurd.
Jung chaeyeon. stage name nya chaeyeon. lahir tanggal 1 december 1997 di suncheon, south jeolla province, south korea.
South korea's sovereign exporters, whose most common money has been scratched and officially bothered with violence, have been robbed.
Svt is coming back to korea "after having the time of their lives" im really really soft and hyped bc comeback
All my favourite tattoo artists are in south korea, my life is so tough
Trump says the us could have “a major, major conflict with north korea.” if they nuke us, he’s gonna laugh so hard and say “i told you so!”
He already won lawsuit in china, why does korean lawsuit matter? he doesn't work in korea. 😒
Anyone else super freaked out by this north korea thing? I have to leave for work in 6 hours, and i'm awake.
I think the best time of my life was in korea
May 21 is d+1 after swcvhk. what the hell they just finished the concert and should go back to korea for fanparty concert 😕😕😕
Rex tillerson seeks to boost pressure on north korea at united nations meeting
Hwsnbn'd says "major, major conflict with north korea possible." he's verbally incompetent. really, really.
I predict donald trump the man child will get people killed by doing loose language towards n. korea trump is gonna start a war he's a idiot
Why. is trump pulling 230,000 americans from south korea
This is the scene in south korea so much more:
The link"china" is  best for  us-let her chalk north korea -she is her main  supplier-she will do it because she has buisness with the west
Like not even korean american just straight up korean

from korea. no potential for american sentiment anywhere
Won weakens as trump sees chance of n. korea clash
Trump tells reuters ‘major conflict’ with north korea possible
Trump implied we're going to north korea? yeaaaaah uhm... we're fucked! (:
Trump: "major, major conflict" with north korea. is that kind of like being on double secret probation?
Trump deliberately stirs up north korea: would "distract us" from trump's russian problems.  what does he care...he gets a bunker!
Shit I hope someday I can attend an anime convention in taiwan/korea omggg
Trump: "major, major" conflict with north korea. not just major but major major! is that kind of like being on double secret probation?
On north korea : diplomacy has to win. the other options are unimaginable, that will ultimately lead to another guerrilla warfare campaign.
Trump wants to war on north korea without all the hassle of legality, so expect an ‘attack’ on us interests for his justification.
Ah they were in korea until now huh their schedules r so confusing they keep leaving/coming back 2 korea
You know it's true tho... like what is tao gonna do in korea? besides just go eat and go back to his country? lmao
#rand weaker due to rising tensions - us and north korea. $13.35 eur14.50 gbp17.23 gold$1,265 oil$52.0 eur/$1.0861
Fw: trump says 'major, major' conflict with north korea possible ... rtrs april 28, 2017 at 06:52am
I assume from my to that the lawsuit says tao isn't allowed to have activities in korea?
Us studying pre-emptive strike on north korea.
I assume from my tl that the lawsuit says tao isn't allowed to have activities in korea?
Attn north korea: stagecoach is this weekend…
Like the frontrunner in south korea says he dislikes homosexuality. activists say his word could influence hateful people to be violent
Theyre probs gonna come back 2 korea between the philippines and hong kong date to vote
So...... north korea trying to nuke japan and south korea knowing damn well we gone retaliate...... sit yo ass down somewhere
#mp trump warns that 'major, major conflict' with north korea is possible - new york times
North korea can only attack it's neighbours because a missile powered by diet coke and mentoes isn't long range.
It's possible we will have a major, major conflict with no.korea, circa donald trump 4-27-17. hope all of you trump voters r happy now!
I woke up in europe to a possible trade war with south korea. what happened to the trade war with canada?
How long before trump or johnson says north korea could attack us in 45 minutes?
Unwg-anzacmf-north korea no longer exists-sth &amp; nth unified-unwg-repubau&amp;nz ally 2 repub korea-will support rok in war-&gt;us+nato+triad china
I find it to be very troubling that we are currently in a highly escalated situation with north korea.
But on new york post and cnn, trump seems wary about confrontation w/ north korea
3d diplomatic chess: raise tensions in korea; get the north to threaten seoul's destruction; renegotiate fta with the south. or maybe not.
But it's still injustice bc it's just like they're taking revenge on the korea ban in china
#walk #trump: north korea risking a 'major, major conflict' - stv news #umra #t:6248521690
"just give him a chance!" to do what? this isn't the training wheels portion, babe. he should know s.korea was never part of china.
The #korea, there is #very much a #lie. distortion of history and facts distorted by korea is very annoying.
South korea refusing to pay for our defensive armaments? give us back our dead young soldiers you pricks! make them pay mr. president!
Hi, north korea. it's mark. don't react to the #orangejoke he's trying to distract us again. mental issues. #easydoesit #presidentialmuzzle
Fw: trump threatens to scrap 'horrible' south korea trade deal ... the hill april 28, 2017 at 06:56am
Or should I ask my friend if there's a polaroid set in korea :(
The legend of overwatch turned down his oppertunity to be a pro player in korea so he could achive his singing dreams let him debut 😤
Leave north korea alone you murdering fucks.
Hometown: seoul, south korea [bot]
Donald trump is playing around with n korea this is amateur hours at the white house
#newstoday

• trump: 'major conflict' w/n korea
• macedonia protests
• london counter-terrorism raid
• trump tax plan favours wealthy
Trump 2 reuters "there's a good chance we could have a major conflict w/ n.korea" a man-child treats war as a game. deadly stupidity #resist
Korea to china to japan now to la🤘 
rise my boys rise!❤ #up10tion #honey10 #kcon2017
It feels like my trip to korea never happened. did I really just had a week of holiday?
Our new roommate that's fresh from south korea is a jazz fan 🇰🇷 #takenote
Anyways thats it. I do admire korea being able to make their culture so solid and the creativity that goes into things
Am reminded of the headline when a western orchestra visited north korea: orchestral manoeuvres in the dprk #r4today
This korea lover since forever. haha very easy going, welcoming and warm. I like to be around you except when you're stressed out abt batch😝
But it turned out to be an educational ride tbh lol he taught me a lot of words bc he worked in korea for 9 years haha ahjussi gomabseubnida
Like us is huge,walking dead is an example of safety in rural environs. korea and japan settings dont really have that option so whats safe?
Lmaooo north korea is getting waxed.
After 3 years.. I shoul visit korea #goals.. with or without you 😑😑
Jackson is so hardworking he flies back and forth korea and china so he can get his name out so that people will recognise him and got7
You could ask where north korea got nuclear weapons from in first place... most of that technology given to them by chinese army #r4today
They are right that is a impossible option. that's like charging yourself. the united states has been in south korea for nearly 60 years
👅 what place in korea you wanna go first?
I did what was an honor to have president xi jinping and madame peng liyuan of china that a trade deal with north korea.
I'm an american &amp; i'm not scared of that little fat guy with the funny haircut in north korea. it's up to us #savenorthkorea &amp; japan &amp; china
Why oh why does trump egg on confict with north korea (besides wanting distractions from #trumprussia) he's worst pres, not popular, bad.
Russia,china,korea don't have capable hack the nsa/cia.
India to supply only food, medicine to north korea
The men's bathroom at brothers was chanting fuck north korea. what more could I ask for in a thursday night.
Is that north korea attacking us or are those the fuckings winds?
Did trump miss a trick by not appointing dennis rodman as u.s ambassador to north korea?
Trump is asking to pay for thaad to south korea. unbelievable !
that's why he is not politic man.
Svt heading back to korea already? aw safe flight babies
In the end sa south korea parin bumabalik exo 😂 #naexoka
We are at defcon 4. 5 is the highest. who goes there without bringing families and non essentials home first? s. korea.
2/2 proceeds to say he has a great team and he's sure they're putting together a great plan to deal with n korea! #thingsthatmakeyougohmmmm
Us dropped nuclear bomb in japan &amp; justified it. us is the largest nuclear weapon manufacturer in the world, but north korea isn't allowed.
I will hold my point that the fact that there are crazier fans in korea that stalk the idols 24/7 does not justify you doing the same
We are at defcon 4. 5 is the highest. who goes there without bringing families and non essentials home first? s. korea.
Churchill led his country defending world freedom against the nazis in 1940. you are a bonafide supporter of stalin and north korea!? jesus
Trump seems hell-bent on a minute-war of annihilation with north korea to divert attention from the fact that he's on the russian payroll
Ssh attacked from 119.193.140.187 (kr, korea, republic of)
She moved to korea alone to pursue her dreams of becoming a singer.
Churchill led his country defending world freedom against the nazis in 1940. you are a bonafide supporter of stalin and north korea! jesus
My boys are coming back to korea ㅠㅠ
Donald trump says "major, major conflict" with north korea is possible, but prefers diplomacy... (radio australia)
Schedule 2017.04.29
【해외공연】pm 06:00
the 15th korea times music festival 2017 - nct 127 (미국 la hollywood bowl)

ยังไม่ไปกันอีกหรอ
So middle east chaos causing millions of deaths, famine &amp; worldwide repercussions less of worry to trump than isolated n.korea? #r4today
Even #northkorea has given access to un rapporteur to visit north korea, but #india didn't allow un delegation to visit #kashmir.
#northkorea breaking: president trump: "north korea is guilty of crimes against humanity."
Y'all i'll be ia from tomorrow until may 14 bc ya hoe's going to korea 🏯 don't miss me too much 💞
Gusto kong pumunta sa korea ngauo at icheer lahat ng produce 101 trainees huhu. because they all deserve that equally huhuhu
I was born in seoul (korea), lived in san diego (usa), dubai (uae), and many other cities in korea. #자기가_살아온_지역을_말해보자
She was born in chungcheongnuk-do, south korea
"there is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with north korea. absolutely."

------ u.s. president donald trump
Idk I want to cry or laugh bec this month salary should be my expenses during in korea n I just spent quarter for vixx fm 😂😂😂
More saber rattling on n. korea to distract from #russiagate while they try to sneak through #trumpcare. #resist #nevertrumpcare #atn
We're gonna build a terminal high altitude area defense system in korea and we're going to make south korea pay for it!
[she used to go to korea kent foreign school before goes to hanlim high school majoring entertainment and arts]
Btw, n.korea calling on sea for support is so left field. i'm betting everyone's glancing at china for some direction.
North korea said they got 5 million soldiers ready for war
North korea claims bitcoin was invented by kim il sung, n.korean hackers steal $88k from s.korean exchanges and documented n.korean btc tra…
Now we're thinking of going to korea after as 😂
If we go to war with north korea, I don't want nothing to do with the united states 😂
I'm going to finish writing this fic before I go to korea I promise akdhdkfhdk
Anyone else noticed the parallels between now and the 80's? corbyn/foot, may/thatcher, trump/reagan, korea/ussr? fun 15yrs coming up :/
South korea is such a backward country in lgbtqs rights and women's rights..😑
North korea is gonna be our vietnam. *prays eveynight bc music if fucking soft as fuck. we need a revolution.*
What so they're still in korea
Korea,isfuckin'
foreverknow!
skypetype
I'll go to korea and sue mnet if ha sungwoon don't make it to the top 11 he needs to be in the top 11 no matter what
Students korea uia 😏
Wtf!!!!!!! why are you threatening south korea rn?!?!

what is this child doing?
#iwantagrownupforpresident
U got roblox on ur feet my guy. tfw the great esports arena mecca in korea.
Asian stocks declined friday amid renewed jitters over north korea and conflicting signals from president donald trump about u.s. trade pol…
Us threatened to attack north korea.
Do you care more about 
1: north korea v u.s.a (nuclear armageddon)
2: the result of the cbbgb general election
like for 1 rt for 2
North korea retaliated by threatening to bomb seoul, south korea.
N.korea does not heed trump's bullshit threat. they know that bullshit is trumps' m.o. trump is risking lives with bullshit.was not my vote.
I wonder if exo will ever strip at countries that arent south korea or japan
Asian stocks declined friday amid renewed jitters over north korea and conflicting signals from president donald trump about u.s. trade pol…
The dprk (north korea) is one of the most environmentally conscious countries in the world. one that we all want to emulate. #tweet4taiji
Took part in isports korea photoshot -kaifact
Tbh, I want them to focus more in korea
Trump says that a ’major, ’major’ conflict with n. korea possible. "major, major?" "very, very." what a fucking humpty dumpty.
Who would trust trump to ...honour a trade deal? defend south korea, nato?. keep his word? . tell the truth?. be consistent? maybe malcolm?
#trump is playing russian roulette with kim jong-un except when it's trump's turn to pull the trigger. the barrel is pointed at south korea.
Yo! if you live near any government office I advise you move far away. this shit with korea is getting kinda real...
Sibelius is the women's national basketball team of south korea.
#trump is playing russian roulette with kim jong-un except when it's trump's turn to pull the trigger. the barrel is pointed at south korea.
There are 30,000 american service men &amp; women stationed in south korea. not even #putin's sock puppet would dare to put their lives at risk.
#trump is literally starting a war with north korea to distract &amp; avoid treason. praying... by #thtprincecharm
Didn't tao won the chinese lawsuit against sm so anyways it's not like he was planning on doing activities in korea 💆🏻
Hate to be so plain, but south korea has no defense from conventional bombardment. trump is fucking with these peoples lives. for fun!
Trump's demands for who pays for stuff makes me laugh. now he says south korea should pay for the missile shield but they said no of course.
Trump warns that ‘major, major conflict’ with north korea is possible
Asian stocks declined friday amid renewed jitters over north korea and conflicting signals from president donald trump about u.s. trade pol…
Why doesn't someone go to dmz korea put a working tv infront so n guards can see and show usa did not get bombed.
Fox news poll: 53% favor military action to stop north korea nukes - fox news poll: 67 percent approve of us using airstrikes on syria
Jimmy carter paved the way for a nuclear reactor in north korea. way to go, asshole :\
Us president donald trump doesn't write off chance of 'major, major' conflict with north korea
Trump wary of 'major' conflict with n. korea amid calls for talks
Korea just fucking bomb us already. sean taylorkellen winslowjonathan vilma dj williamsvernon….
Regime change in north korea.
Born : jeju-do , south korea
birthday : february 7 , 1994
When the us attack north korea please let the first words after the strike be you have been #trumped 
#koreanwar2
Everyone's in korea right now. omg. it's a sign. 😭 wait for me, seoul!
#trump wants to scrap korea-us fta and at the same time wants #korea to to pay for #thaad - either or, trump squeezes money.
Asean to express 'grave concern' over tests despite n. korea appeal

southeast asian countries will express "grave concern" over north kore…
Trump warns that ‘major, major conflict’ with north korea is possible
I hope, I can get the full season of quantico and the blacklist. knpa drama korea brhmbur tpi 2 ni teda 😭
South korea should reject thaad and at the same time threatened to allow #china setup base near seoul.
Asian stocks declined friday amid renewed jitters over north korea and conflicting signals from president donald trump about u.s. trade pol…
A war between the us and n. korea is a war for the shifting of the balance of power from west to the east.
Bring me back to south korea 🇰🇷
Why my mom don't give birth to me in korea  !!
Autonomy is non negotiable. why should a nation depend heavily on another for survival. s.korea should make its own missile defence system.
Happy first month to me our free day in korea marks one month todayyyyy fishnet girl and the battle with cold while roaming around gangnam 😂
This run up to war with north. korea sounds like the run up to iraq. they saying he has weapons that can kill us all. so, we "have to" bomb
If I was in korea in the beginning of june I might have got to see gd, highlight, clc, or btob ):
I just realized that some ppl forget that being an international fan means being outside korea so you dont get special treatment&amp;freebies+
Tfw classmates are going on trips across the country and to korea and taiwan and i'm here.....
Trump warns that 'major, major conflict' with north korea is possible - new york times
#breaking trump says north korea is guilty of crimes against humanity. developing....
"asian stocks lower as north korea jitters flare" bonkers
Did a us congressman actually suggest north korea could smuggle nuclear weapons into the usa via "bales of marijuana"?
Analysing the whitehouse's log files. i'm sending a botnet armada to north korea. we are truly making google great again.
New york times trump warns that 'major, major conflict' with north korea is possible new york times president trump…
Im going to korea to look for my destined oppa.  ✨
Ok, i'm fine.. tao may have lost in korea, but he won in china, it's all that matters! 🙌
Since the lawsuit happened in korea, weibo netziens think this has got something to do with china vs korea because
Trump warns that ‘major, major conflict’ with north korea is possible
Trump hinted that he'll out with the trailer of his upcoming major action flick, ww iii, in next 100 days. (major conflict with north korea)
Wow... 4 minutes in 4chan and I find out north korea's at it again.
Hasn't taken trump long for all out war with north korea #inevitable
Trump wary of 'major conflict' with n. korea amid calls for talks
We have wars in seria, problems in northern korea and sky news is focused on reading for the under fives,
It still amazes me that north korea wakes up and goes to sleep at basically the same time... how's the night life there?
How many 'america 1st'  voters will watch your children/grandchildren fight a 'major conflict' w/ north korea pushed by trump/his handers?
一.｜partnered plot with spc_seulgi 
一.｜goes to korea pt. 02 
一.｜lotte hotel ; 08:00 am 
────────────────────

seperti yang osamu (c)
It's not like krishantao can promote in korea right now. 💁💁
Let north &amp; south korea fight each other that they can use any weapon they want.the world will in involving to help at the end. we won't die
Wanna go to korea, japan, france and canada. ♡
Trump remarks on trade, missile defense rattle south korea
Watch now all eyes on north korea. distraction at its finest.
#trumprussia
Buttt if yhey have a one week long promo for their korea cb im outie
Lets just war with north korea
Wanna go to korea, japan, paris london and canada. ♡
Headed overseas for a few weeks and for first time ever i'm wondering if i'll have a home to come back to. leave north korea alone! save ca.
Tillerson to lay u.n. groundwork to boost north korea sanctions #forex
Ok but. in korea its only legal to have a 7 year contract and the contract for tao is 10 year long
Bureau of customs seized three used luxury vehicles worth p10 million which were shipped from south korea.  …
In the end still korea wins as a lit concert if exordium dot comes😂
Wait now for sm to make a statement how this ruling supports korea-china relations in 3,2,1....
I guess it will only be a welcome concert, then they will return to korea for the comeback
There are 28,000 american soldiers in south korea

if u.s. politicians bomb north korea

they are going to start bombing south korea
I will build a building for 77.7 virgin radio  north korea in downtown
The uss carl vinson aircraft carrier cannot defend itself from north korea's missile so let that sink in
Same shoes as the ones I bought in korea
Life after trump
mexico to pay for wall - south korea to pay for thaad, does israel have to pay for iron dome ? (1 billion by us taxpayers)
Can not save s. korea. they are in us killing 42,250 americans ... they have been killing us people for 10 years already.
India to supply only food, medicine to north korea 

trump stokes world war iii fear, warns of 'major, major conflict' with north korea
😙
#businesswrap us secretary of state rex tillerson will press un security council  today for further sanctions to further isolate north korea
So basically sm has no control over tao in china .. but in korea or japan?? is it the same terms as kris &amp; lu or? this is so confusing
Looking for students from japan,korea and china anyone knows?
North korea's nuclear missiles. #thingsthatneedwarninglabels
The president, in an interview with reuters, all but dared north korea to engage us in what would almost certainly become a nuclear war. 1/
Zitao didnt lose a whole fucking bone for korea to use his lawsuit as a way of showing off to china 好卑鄙
The govt side are easier to break in through. they will comply easily. am mesnerizing that god might avert north korea sturboness .
So in korea, tao's contract with sm is upheld but in china it isn't??? what the fuck!?
Why no street protests against trump/n korea buildup? does nobody think anything will really happen? would protests give it credibility?
Before trump's 100 days north korea was not worrisome, about the 81st day-----holy shit they are a superpower....what is happening people?
Sm: korea - china relationship
china: thaad
Trump: ‘we may terminate’ u.s.-south korea trade agreement. tillerson says u.s. is willing to hold direct talks with north korea. #hullo?
Full offence but korea is only doing this because their economy collpased when china stop importing goods, stopped visiting etc
So basically tao loses his law suit against sm in korea but won the one in china.
Hey north korea, we can do this the easy way, or we can do this the united airlines way. your call - america
He probably only knows 3/100 questions about north korea too... does that mean his "terror" is unsubstantiated?
Here's the issue of the moment! us warns of possible conflict with north korea, china says situation could escalate - reuters
Korea fucked up ~~~~~
Don't forget to keep an eye on news out on n.korea. nothing new but (sadly) these things can escalate quick...
There's very clear human rights violations in tao's case and sm just wins?? in korea??? what the ever lasting fuck
Now, akuko has became great korean dancer with her stage name → "g-demon". but, still she lack of korea haha! ♪
If only I live in korea, i'd probably watch most sm artists concerts 😩 #luckykfans
Under virgin radio north korea will be 55.5 hard rock fm north korea
North korea just stated that it will make it impossible for him to my meeting with charles and david koch.
You saw the ex-president of s. korea to sink the boat to kill few hundreds s. korea students. us people are nothing to kill.
Bilis talaga ng internet sa korea when will ph ever :(((
Trump:
"south korea should pay $1b for the thaad system us sent to south korea to protect themselves of missile attacks by the nk"
Thinking bout her, thinking bout this korea shit, thinking bout life, figuring out my next move... i'm everywhere wit it
Oh well it's not like tao needed korea anyways, he's more than successful in china
Which is channeled thru laundering in italy and possibly greece or swiss. next, after laundering. my money is routed to n korea to fuel
Top 3 best concerts they've had... *sigh* i'm gonna bet japan and korea are the other top two.. *sigh*
Im gonna chogiwa so hard tomorrow yall gon here me in south korea
Whatever, i'm drunk. my only friends live in south korea and maryland :)
What will you do or what do you think when one of muslim people debut in korea?
I'm jealous.. in korea is warn enough to wear short pants and here in poland i'm still wearing jacket and scarf..
I wanna see highlight in korea but their concert dates are right before my finals :(
Well. he's safe here and I doubt he will ever promote in korea again haha
Is trump going to use the nuclear option with north korea because mcconnell used it in the senate? #trumplogic
If war breaks out its going to be hard to find 50000 sunblock... best start with boots chemist #korea
Imagine life, where a trashy reality tv host with little couth and even less intelligence can threaten north korea. unthinkable #republicans
North korea nuke them fuck them china russia get in way kill them mark sick of weak shit light there asses up we can live die choice yours
Let's #divide the #usa in #half like korea. the #left #side for the #freeworld &amp; #right side for #gop #tyranny 😊 #resist
Bts being active when they're about to leave korea; my kink
Just facetimed with my french friend that's still in korea. we haven't seen each other in so long. I miss her so much 😩
So tao lost a lawsuit in korea, but won one in china as well?? I don't know how this affects him though ;-;
Epilogue: the u.s. secretary of state, simultaneously mind you, directly offered to north korea to negotiate a peaceful resolution.
I'll be very active in this acc until bts comeback to korea from jakarta
Please bring me to japan or korea or hk or thailand huhuhu
The 1st round will consist of reading &amp; writing test. it will be held at the embassy of republic korea in kl on 16 may 2017 (1400)
Geopolitical tensions are back in play after trump telling reuters that u.s and north korea could face a massive conflict.
Trump: "we could end up having a major, major conflict with north korea"
Don't let it to the point that you choose school in east coast over west coast bcuz it's safe from north korea.
Oh okay so he lost in korea but not in china hell ducking yes!!!!
Abc news: s. korea disputes trump comments on missile system, trade
"i'll never forgive russia for their communist usurping ways. this is why we need communism like north korea."
Lol so hard at canon korea 😂 I know jehoon-minah has perfect chemistry as you label them like that, but re-release the same ver again? 😆😂😂
Trump's response to elijah cummings let's have a war with korea to distract the nation from the truth
Order bb cushion using diorg pnya staff id. seriously murah. harga sama mcm beli directly from korea #theperkbeingavendor #imisskorea 🎎
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
Really america kill north korea taking shit from lard ass korean asshole 23 artillery usa got nuclear weapons we kill new york minute
Korea would probably force them to be together as much as possible until they date
Maybe if sanctions against north korea were lifted, diplomacy would be an option.
⚡ southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches. (ap)
Ap: breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
Ap: breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
I don't believe trump could even pick north korea out on a map
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
Trump gets tough on south korea
Canon korea yt may have intended to release the c-version of jehoon-minah's perfect chemistry cf but instead they released the b ver again😂
Its fucking amazing how suran and yoongi literally knocked 2 digital monsters off korea's charts. they're so close to an allkill
Trumps gonna take us to war with north korea so officials and fed's will stop looking into russia. just like with bill clinton and libya
Trump: south korea should pay for $1b missile defense system
Kenneth williams to lay u.n. groundwork to boost north korea sanctions
Revolution against a super power is akin to messianic popularity in a dominant doctrine, the end is always martyrdom. n korea  shd beware.
And the final of quiz on korea 2017 will be held in seoul, korea on 15 sept 2017!😆 the show will be aired throughout number of countries 👀
Contradicting u.s. president donald trump, south korea said friday it has no plan to renegotiate a bilateral trade deal with the u.s., or t…
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
#breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
If I lost weight in korea in 2 weeks just imagine 2 months i'm screamin.. she gonna be skinty
Damn the comme des garçons x supreme is only 368$ but in korea it's like 800k
I'm very pleased with the way that china are handling north korea now. you're doing a good job xi jinping. all it took was some trump magic!
While we are all arguing about north korea, taxes, russia, etc... our planet is burning up. at some point, nothing else will matter to you.
So what are you waiting for now guys? it's time to show your interest in korea ❤
$x trump is looking to rework the south korea trade agreement, we import a lot of steel and steel products from south korea. 2nd overall
5. d.o. is the member who is in duty of cooking most of the time. fans started to call him as exo’s umma (mother in korea)
Contradicting u.s. president donald trump, south korea said friday it has no plan to renegotiate a bilateral trade deal with the u.s., or t…
Revolution against a super power is akin to messianic popularity in a dominant doctrine, the end is always martyrdom. n korea must beware.
Palgrave macmillan, shim, david. visual politics and north korea: seeing is believing. that is, it will stay sub-critical. fuck me. .
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches. - ap
They have nearly 700k unique listeners as well like im so gassed to see yoongi's first song produced outside of bts do so well in korea
Listening to trump right now and after what bojo said yesterday, question is will brits be the first pawns on the ground in north korea?
Sm to tao: korea - china relationship
china: hallyu banned 😊
#wafcu16 teams: thailand (host), dpr korea, japan, china pr, korea republic, australia, bangladesh, laos
Korea or japan hmmmmmm
#wacu19 teams: china pr (host), japan, dpr korea, korea republic, australia, thailand, uzbekistan, vietnam
Rt altnoaa "while we are all arguing about north korea, taxes, russia, etc... our planet is burning up. at some point, nothing else will ma…
Build many casinos in north korea
He was discovered by sm staff while shopping with a friend in the myeongdong area. at that time he was an exchange student program in korea.
Ntc in april then korea
Tt ireland 06:47
1.north korea
2.waterford
3.#poetrydayirl
4.#manchesterderby
5.fellaini
6.#jnlr
7.#mcimun
8.#bodyshopping
9.aguero
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump: south korea should pay for $1b missile defense system
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Trump warns of possible 'major, major conflict' with north korea
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
Trump: south korea should pay for $1b missile defense system
I'd ask #presidenttrump what the fxck is going on with korea etc, but she seems to be letting her father, donald, run things at the moment.
Svt heading back to korea i'm so excited to see airport previews I miss them all
Do yall know whats so funny? in china they say zitao won the lawsuit and in korea they say zitao lost the lawsuit. whats the truth?
A first quick strike on n korea is needed.  so they can't strike china s. korea, japan, russia, or the u.s. forces there.  it needs to be..
North korea wasn't doing anything it normally wouldn't be doing and then trump opened his mouth again and now he's gonna start wwiii. wtf?!!
China russia use north korea buffer really lets end world u fuck with usa u get burned lets end world no one wins my opinion of governments
I want to go to korea soo badly tho omoo🇰🇷❤
The bits on north and south korea in trump's latest interview confuses me...
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
Ap: breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
Trump wary of 'major conflict' with n. korea amid calls for talks
Contradicting u.s. president donald trump, south korea said friday it has no plan to renegotiate a bilateral trade deal with the u.s., or t…
#trump warns of 'major conflict' with north korea
A refugee, and rehabilitation plan needs to be formed quickly for the n. korean peoples.  same for s. korea.  integrate them with a special
It would be great if im on da same flight as aomg back to korea
Trump on north korea fake news fear you really need to stop lying enough those who know your history know u haven't delivered in years
Trump bluffs big on n korea cos his domestic policy aganda is going to shit. obamacare repeal fails again, no mex wall, pie in sky tax deal
At the top of the hour: trump/n.korea (again), macedonia parliament violence &amp; uk terror arrests. join me on bbc world news
I hope north korea doesn't bomb hawaii.
One has to consider that a war 'in korea' would bring the world a lot nearer to the 'long awaited' ww3 than even the pope's warnings suggest
#usdzar weakens to 13.33 due to us dollar strength and risk-off on rising us-north korea tensions.  #forex
Only fat man north korea is lard ass leader rest of korea skinny why north korea stupid kill u leader join south u be free food powerful
Only fat man north korea is lard ass leader rest of korea skinny why north korea stupid kill u leader join south u be free food powerful
Pls play the master not same level with korea. you give the money and weapons that is not the solution.they are richer than 90% of us family
Lmao why am I watching vlogs in korea
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
We need to stay away from north korea. it isn't in our best interest to start another cold war.
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
118 users and 136 tweets (91 rts) in 1 week made '부담 원칙' a trending topic in korea. #trndnl
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions
Strong and stable leadership.
strong: nukes, tanks, planes, missiles.
stable: third generation leader.
vote for north korea!
Im guessing junmyeon's top three is (in no particular order)

south korea
mexico
thailand/japan/hk/ph???
Jungkook u better post something or imma fly my ass up there in korea and make u post one im
Asean to express grave concern over north korea's nuclear tests: "asean expresses its grave concern over the…
Im guessing junmyeon's top three is (in no particular order)

south korea
mexico
thailand/japan/hk/ph???

#naexoka #exordiuminmexico
Pls play the master not same level with korea. you give the money and weapons that is not the solution.they're richer  90% of us families
1)kyunggi girls high school – korea art school
Ace's debut is going to have you all so shook I can't wait for the upcoming legends of korea
Seventeen are on their way back to korea??? already?
i hope they had fun and learnt a lot of things!!
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
North korea ain't even real bro look into it
But then sm is more too japan comeback than korea :c
We need korea comeback please
It's okay i'll be in korea the next day let me pray i'll see someone there
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
[bot] birthplace: yangsan, south gyeongsang, south korea
Other angles to observe the stupid to be the guard for all the king and queen in s. korea. who is smart here. I see saw seen all low smart
#breaking: (ap) southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
#breaking: (ap) southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
One thing I love about bts tour outside of korea, they will update twitter all the time!!!!!!!!!! 😘😘😘😘
We cannot let donald j. trump tweet us into a war with north korea.  contact your congressperson now.
The major powers must come together and decide what to do about fat boy in korea i'm talking about russia china and united states
#just in: (ap) -- southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
Blood type: a
hometown: daegu, south korea
family: parents, younger sibling
Lonely by jonghyun feat taeyon is such beautiful song and beautiful voices. and yet korea still sleep on this gold .
I leave to korea in a little over a week and I haven't packed at all or gotten anything I need 🙃
I hope we make north korea a crater lol
First time since season 2 that korea and wcs announcement is that they correctly spelled it "esports" most places at random times.
To those who going to korea. please reply ^ this
If I have to I will fly over to south korea and feed kihyun some good ass food myself the baby needs to eat :(
How long is the fuckin flight from south korea to indonesiaaaa ://///
It's hard for me to go to korea
Trump praises china's xi over handling of north korea. female islamic clerics in indonesia issue rare child marriage fatwa.  1493362802
I decided that if jungkook departs from south korea again carrying his house in that backpack i'm unstanning
Rw: trump: there is a chance we could have a major, major conflict with north korea
Breaking: statehouse nisan sation have expressed "grave #concern" over thorn #korea's #lucarne test and #basaltic missile launches.
Send westbrook to north korea
"it's getting warm in korea"  "20°c" 
me: ...i don't wanna imagine winter
How long is the fuckin flight from south korea to indonesiaaaa ://///
I'd rather be in north korea than at #fyrefestival
The top trending topic in ireland right now is north korea with sentiment of +38%
Put this in your thick head bloody middle class bourgeois lawyer; the issue isn't north korea issue. it is purely a class issue...
Can't believe we're in korea now!! 😄
Let me be honest: north korea is in charge here.  embarassing!
Tr*mp is threatening war with north korea and I live in the biggest american city so basically i'm just preparing to die from a nuke.
Trump says "‘major, major’ conflict with north korea possible,..."; another trump bluff. lotta big words, not much done.
#trendingnow in korea -- #이은재
China reacts tillerson: beijing threatens north korea with sanctions, if you know what I mean
Trump trumpet 🎺 should have keep his mouth shut 🤐 about north korea they are not going to stop until they drop the 💥 on me
Oisp: if I had posted on my truest g's of north korea's page earlier would they have avoided posting the statement? yes- official ois: no!
Please, bring me to korea
Got myself a cheapo knockoff korea national team shirt with sonny on the back. coys
Jimmy carter asked to steer clear of north korea
 
request from trump administration comes as white house attempts to pressure pyongyang
Sticking a north korea flag in the tip kind of  #ruinsmyboner
Thank you tillerson for all your hard work with n korea problems
Ref: north korea 

president trump 

to hell with diplomacy go &amp; wipe north korea off the  map.

thank you
Blood type: a
hometown: daegu, south korea
family: parents, younger sibling
Southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests last year and subsequent ballistic missile launches…
Maybe north korea will make a real #lawind
#northkorea "north korea may mass purge/execute civilians to cover up their slave labor/death camps."
Tolong la sm. give them korea comeback first! the last comeback was 2014. japan at least in 2015 they still have activities but not korea :/
General korea 1a private home with miss annisa
Southeast asian nations have expressed “grave concern” over north korea’s nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches …
Breaking: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches.
Svt are finally going back to korea :")
North korea really trynna attack lol
Poll: 37% of americans see north korea as an 'immediate threat'
Being gay in korea is literally fucked up
Trump korea fri, 28 apr 2017 02:00:00 cdt
Birth: october 6, 1990 busan, south korea
Tt ireland 07:07
1.north korea
2.waterford
3.#poetrydayirl
4.#manchesterderby
5.fellaini
6.#jnlr
7.#mcimun
8.#bodyshopping
9.aguero
Ok so bts already on plane right now.. from korea to jakarta, I think it took 6 hours.. so they might arrive in jakarta at 8pm or 20.00 wib
1. [+486, -6] other than hankyung, it seems all of the idols who left korea for china lost their lawsuits.
If my mom was in charge of handling the crisis with north korea &amp; isis, she'd be like, "ok gang, get out there &amp; kill 'em with kindness!"
If they cant accept criticism from us, they dont deserve to debut in korea.
North korea hasn't threatened or attacked anyone. this war-drumming is fake just like the fake issue itself of a fake president/fake cabinet
#us president #trump: there is a chance the us could have a "major, major" military conflict with north korea.
1,075 users and 1,275 tweets (1123 rts) in 16 hours made #rt당_자주_부르는_노래방노래 a trending topic in korea. #trndnl
Trump has praised china's president xi jinping for his handling of north korea,calling him "a very good man"who loves his country.er?!?!
Dolphins go d-line with first-round pick, draft missouri de north korea
Took part to isports korea photoshot  #baconfact
Your daily fright: a sentence containing the words donald trump, "major major conflict" and north korea. mad men re-imagined. #scarystuff
Major major conflict with north korea 
donald trump. 
this is bigly disturbing.
"parade ground" trend m korea ki pics aa rhi hn :d
So trump is spent a good part of this week picking fights with allies canada and south korea, and the us citizens of puerto rico. so weird.
Violence &amp; profanity does not get censored, but a cry for help to raise awareness on n.korea, does.
 what does that tell you?
Fox news poll: 53% favor military action to stop north korea nukes - fox news poll: 67 percent approve of us using airstrikes on syria
There was a great comparison today between religion and north korea: an all-powerful egomaniac who says "love me or else!" #nkorea #religion
Korea ! wait me !
Korea package tour
China &amp; russia were together chasing down the carl vinson.
why pretend like they will help you?
n. korea is their rabid dog.
Trump can't even handle a joke. how the heck is he going to handle n.korea

#trump100 #northkorea
We got train to be this way for centuries. our all x were so great to be slave without knowing it. look at korea
Minho on the return of superman

finally korea will know what a gr8 father he could be
North korea imagines an exploding us capitol amid a whole lot of missiles
It doesn't matter if he lost in korea he don't need korea he won in china which is what he cares about anyways
I missed korea &amp; tokyo too. I wanna travel to the cities that makes me lost in translations. I love wandering &amp; trying new things. :(
Bat lahat ng movies pinapanuod ko atm nagpupunta ng korea!? ano tuh paiingit connected sa exo ha! na #naexoka na ako tsk
Trump: south korea should pay for defense system
Why is it a long weekend for everyone in the world? saw one in korea, philippines, probably england. others?
Kor→korea[意味]韓国 #bot
Can trump stop threatening war with korea thanks
I wanna go to other place for my next trip but I kept found great place to travel in korea t.t but I already go to korea twice
Stupid so called fans when they thought tao deserved to lose when he didnt care that he lose to lawsuit in korea. he won china lawsuit whut
Oisp: if ihad posted on my truest g's of north korea's page earlier would they have avoided posting the statement? yes- official ois: no!
Rw: china threatens north korea with sanctions if nuclear tests persist, tillerson says
Love island in korea. hahahaha snappy eh
Remebering that the 'capitalist rule' in south korea was not always peacefully achieved and cost ten thousands of lives.
Why always bad timing when im in korea and japan?😂
N korea concert r very tempting my heart t.t maybe I shud go to korea for concert after that go to nearby country kkkkkk
The signs on the roads will be north korea language and english
June.... I should go to korea
Southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches. | via ap …
"more than 1 million civilians and soldiers were killed in the [korean] war.almost every substantial building in north korea was  destroyed"
Asked when he would announce his intention to renegotiate trade pact (w/ south korea), trump said: “very soon. i’m announcing it now.”
Iu basically the taylor swift of korea effortlessly making all-kill, coming with a bomb full-album every 2 years

no fanwars pls

#palette
If I ever go to korea i'm gonna carry some vaseline for mino its a good mosturiser 😂
#breaking ---president trump: "north korea is guilty of the most heinous crimes against humanity. kim must step down."
We're gonna wake up one morning soon and trump has gotten the us forces to attack north korea.
One korea global peace concert on tv5 tomorrow!!
kyahhhh!!!! wag paasa tv5!!!
트럼프의 발언
“he also said he wanted south korea to pay the costof the u.s. thaad antimissile defense system, whichhe estimated at $1 billion.”
I want to buy cool things from south korea :'(
16:30 22:20 1234567 voice of korea 621
Trump says their is a major chance of a war with north korea..they must really want that central bank...#northkorea #donaldtrump #nk
Korea, norway, japan, sweden and to be run first and help to access to ensure extreme efficiency adjustments to invent technology
English language is the business language should be the second language of north korea
"we may have a major, major conflict with north korea. don't blame me, blame the chinese leader, xa ging polls."
#trump #northkorea
S korea disputes trump comments on missile system, trade
China threatens north korea with sanctions if nuclear tests persist, tillerson says
Trump is right that the s korea trade deal is bad for the us. there's also no reason us should have troops on dmz-s korea can defend itself.
Ba't hindi loloves ng korea si yyb x.x nakakafrustate ha. bakit bawal bumoto international fans 😭
Dude do you think north korea has memes
Seems the talk of north korea always comes to the front at the start of most new presidents terms- but somehow this feels different...
U.s. says 'major conflict' with north korea possible, china warns of danger of escalation.....
"go eat toffee" is a common insult in south korea, because korean toffees are shaped like dicks.
Bad http request from 110.10.178.187 (as9318 kr, korea, republic of)
'north korea is in india' lmfaoooooooooo
Bring the russian leadership to a meeting and lets have a peaceful solution to this north korea basic plastic fake issue and lets free them.
... major major conflict in north korea. wasn't he a character in catch 22?
With "breaking news" on north korea tonight msnbc has put us on a war footing. just as rachel did in announcing russia's attack on the dnc.
David said he's from windsor. vondy said "oh you're from cali?" vondy then proceeds to say "north korea is in india so it's okay"
Well..... off to the last ftx of korea let's make it a good one
50 bucks says north korea could not compete with anyone in the world and our media has said things about president trump that apply to korea
As fucked up as america's presence around the world can be at times, japan and south korea would be china and korea if not for the u.s.a.
I don't know what triggered the memory. but when I was in korea, I spent the last two days looking for a charlie brown gift for my ex.
16:30 17:27 1234567 voice of korea 3250 9650 11865
China says peaceful resolution is the only way to resolve north korea issue china's foreign ministry out with a statement 28 april
- key to…
Sibal hell korea fuck you
North korea wasn't a tree)
I dont think i'll get the repackage album?? I might be going to korea in june,, maybe i'll buy it then
He also said he wanted south korea to pay the cost of the u.s. thaad anti-missile defense system, which he estimated at $1 billion.
Trump: south korea should pay for $1b missile defense system
Ugh okay I should resist I will spend all my money when I go to korea huhuhu
"there's a chance that we could end up having a major, major, conflict with north korea, absolutely." - donald trump  
wishful thinking?
As fucked up as america's presence around the world can be at times, japan and south korea would be china and korea if not for the u.s.a.
Tt ireland 07:27
1.north korea
2.waterford
3.#poetrydayirl
4.#manchesterderby
5.fellaini
6.#jnlr
7.#mcimun
8.#bodyshopping
9.aguero
North korea: president #trump says there is possibility of a 'major, major' conflict with north korea  #northkorea
Parascope 0001 debut: korea, lawlessness, israel, syria &amp; will god save california? pts 1&amp;2 etc
Curious as to why soompi posted only the korea lawsuit result and not the china lawsuit one
The us and north korea should look on and witness the nz twitter pineapple on pizza wars and maybe they'll rethink where they're headed.
South korea: #trump says he wants to terminate or negotiate trade deal with south korea #southkorea
Christ, apparently an army plane flew over leeds and people on fb are earnestly claiming we're going to war with north korea.
Trump: south korea should pay for $1b missile defense system: president trump wants south korea to foot the bill for a $1 billion u.s.…
Last 7 days of war on north korea started from today. outcome will be destruction of superduper powers.
I would really like it if trump would back away from north korea.
If it is gonna be like that freaking show &amp; fans dont deserve pinkmel anymore I literally want to fly to korea and drag samuel out of it
Asian stocks mixed after trump’s korea comments | #forex
Openn hq news ®™: #news #world trump: south korea should pay for $1b missile defense system: president trump wants south korea to… …
How north korea's political ideology became a de-facto religion
Last 7 days of war on north korea started from today. outcome will be destruction of super-duper evil-e8 nations
Last night I had a dream I went to north korea. and the queen's house (not sure which one).
Uuuuuu fatin is so into korea this dayy..
South korea and israel should join hands building military weapons.  the only way to cut off ( depending) on u.s.1 billion dollars for thadd
⚡️ “trump says there's potential for 'major conflict' with north korea”

liberals in m$m hoping for armageddon as only way to "get trump". ☺
Let us hope that once north &amp; south korea are in flames, &amp; us troops sent to fight &amp; die for trumps hubris, his blood lust is finally sated
So one of my friends is headed to north korea tomorrow. as a tourist. just, y'know... 'cause. so nervous. 😬
Tillerson to lay u.n. groundwork to boost north korea sanctions: united nations (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state…
Pokémon, fictional character has small area around in $825 million.[50] in south korea, the game's map.
Why you left the syrian profile and went to n. korea?
North korea shares a border with russia and china. any us attack on north korea is a war that will affect both nations. utter madness.
Crude extended gains in asia on friday on trump korea comments.
So today I asked one of my old supervisors how was her daughter who's in the navy and her response was "on her way to north korea"
Russia china north korea usa isis anyone got a beef have any u really looked a human our differences just human be one really no different
North korea: southeast asian nations have expressed "grave concern" over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches
Her korean name is 정수정 (jung soo-jung), 수정 means crystal in korea
How do you deal with north korea ? same way you deal with an angry lion. you dont corner it &amp; you dont poke it with a stick. it will bite.
The reason nuclear weapons have kept us from being wiped out is you'd have to be crazy to use them.... then trump meets north korea
Asean to express grave concern over north korea's nuclear tests
Favorite song: exo’s songs
favorite music: exo
favorite place: south korea / china
favorite sports: hula hoop
Why north korea has a nuclear capability. you can blame bill clinton &amp; donald rumsfeld. bill let donald sell north korea nuclear equipment
Bbc breakfast repeats trump claim about sending usn 'armada' to korea. it's still fake news! #bbcnews #fakenews #trump #jouralism
'peaceful resolution' only way to solve north korea crisis - china (reuters)
Up: tcp_port cn asia (zhengzhou - zzgiant) (10.240.192.1) reported from kr asia (s. korea - kt4 idc)
Trump telling south korea 🇰🇷 to pay for anti-missile system, canada 🇨🇦 to pay for the wall. both won't happen. 0 boss life.
Up: dns_lookup cn asia (zhengzhou - zzgiant) (10.240.192.1) reported from kr asia (s. korea - kt4 idc)
Trump asks s.korea to pay for installed middle defence system.after  bragging to defend his allies?ain't our words our bonds anymore?hell no
'major, major conflict' with north korea is possible, but diplomatic solution sought - president trump.
Cnn : us president trump has said a major military conflict with north korea is possible even as his secretary of state seemed to leave t...
"china says willing to work with u.s. for lasting resolution on north korea" bonkers
Donald trump openly want a war with north korea. neccesary or just want to prove that he is in charge??
#trump ain't "protecting" south korea for south koreans.../// all about #america...and #american interests. pay for it donald
1,168 users and 1,304 tweets (1223 rts) in 3 weeks made '고용정보원 직원' a trending topic in korea. #trndnl
Should... be... in... korea... now
Should trump openly humiliate south korea in the media for sending anti-missile protection equipment to them? did they not agree on terms?
Seventeen are on their way back to korea?? whaaat
50. snsd is currently the biggest girl group in korea and the best for all s♥ne’s. :)
I thought so they will be back to korea in a day or two 😎😎
Im gaining so much weight in korea bc of the street foods dkdjjsks
Abc news: asean expresses alarm over n. korea nuclear tests, missiles
It pisses me off bc they were obv set in trying the chinese market for him when korea should have always been the main focus
Well, looks like if china doesn't put n. korea under control, trump is gonna do it by force. conflict with n. korea almost inevitable
8.  he was born in mokpo, jeolla, south korea. 

-double b.
It pisses me off bc they were obv set on trying the chinese market for him when korea should have always been the main focus
S-so like. does losing this lawsuit even matter then bc its not like tao's gonna do anything in korea anyway
Can't justify a trip to korea just for that. ugh.
The last thing we need is another war but do we sit back and wait for north korea to get a ballistic missile that can reach usa?
So presidential election gonna happen during our trip to korea 😑 what a timing 😅
Well, looks like if china doesn't put n. korea under control, trump is gonna do it by force. conflict with n. korea almost inevitable
China: peaceful resolution is the only way to deal with north korea
#breaking president trump: north korea is guilty of crimes against humanity... kim regime must step down.
Great hat off to n- korea. now american are back foot and afriad from korea. this what india government has to do a action against pakistan.
We're going to attack north korea because their supreme liar pretends to have nukes? trump clearly had never heard of nk before 2017.
170 users and 183 tweets (109 rts) in 1 week made '카칭카칭' a trending topic in korea. #trndnl
Donald trump stokes world war iii fear, warns of 'major, major conflict' with north korea...india will throw brahmastra to end ww-3.
His team and his fans are spinning this into a korea vs china issue which... I guess is smart pr-wise... but lmao
Best thing in korea: krispy kreme for less than a dollar
South #korea and #usa to maintain a state of full combat readiness across the korean peninsula #dprk 
#china #japan
Snsd is her first debut as an artist in korea but it is also her second debut as an artist (as a whole). her first debut was in japan.
Low key hoping that bts would stay another day in indonesia and return to korea on 2nd may😶😶😶
Nk may not have nukes -- but they sure as fucking can fuck up south korea, an important ally and friend in asia.
But to please to that weird stan who's obsessed with me, I have to clarify that ng flopped in korea because only 5 theaters screened it 🤧
It's in korea so why it's only for japanese fans???
Take me to south korea to meet my oppas and unnies there please!
Are these missiles that #trump is installing in #s, korea, under s, korean control or is it the #us who decide when to use them ?
Southeast asian nations expressed "grave concern" friday over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches despite a plea fro…
North korea is a no-win situation. at some point kju will be overthrown, dictatorships rarely last 2 generations.
Jiyeon's main prop in films/drama (in korea) is
bubblegum. while in malaysia airport, she is always
seen with lollipop (chuppa chupp)
China will take its cue from norht korea +assinate jong un or have a palace revolt take him out.if china was the usa +nk kept threatening
South korea is #myaranetasummerstory 😍😍😍
Her bushy eyebrows aren't the same again I think they shaved it a bit bc thin faded eyebrows is korea's trend so uhm
Southeast asian nations expressed "grave concern" friday over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches despite a plea fro…
Southeast asian nations expressed "grave concern" friday over north korea's nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches despite a plea fro…
Coco ave isn't going to perform or debut in korea because they know they aren't kpop.
Will appear together for the first time on friday at a united nations security council meeting devoted to north korea. mr. tillerson has
Donald trump warns of ‘major conflict' if north korea diplomacy fails
Y'all think backpage in north korea 🔥?🤔
Trump want $1b from s.korea, n.korea would probably take half that and give back genuine peace of mind.
Tt ireland 07:47
1.north korea
2.waterford
3.#poetrydayirl
4.#manchesterderby
5.#jnlr
6.fellaini
7.#mcimun
8.#bodyshopping
9.aguero
Tillerson: ants threatened to sanction north korea over another nuclear test
Frost : china are the favourites, but south korea, indonesia, japan, denmark and malaysia can win it too. #sudirmancup

#mencobapercayajuga
Korea is so xenophobic against chinese idols its actually fucking annoying
347 users and 364 tweets (255 rts) in 2 weeks made '지목당' a trending topic in korea. #trndnl
Leeteuk is the only idol who is on that promotional celebrity video for korea's presidential election.washed up idol my ass
Lol "north korea warns it will wipe out unites states with 5 million nuclear bombs". looooooool
Like jeez! i'm thinking now that maybe we should have a war with north korea man? like get it over with man! #northkorea
America shall suffer a painful death if trump invades/ strikes korea without provocation or justifiable reason #salt #thepeacemaker
I'm such a dumbass I truly spent two years studying chinese and japanese just to end up going to school in korea god
Nuking north korea is an act of valor for trump
Omg deftones in a week and they play korea I am screaming
Also if u can find chinese success u no longer need korean success but..... the famous koreans in china get famous in korea first lol
