#dearmrpresident crooked chaffetz from his hospital bed is trying to block the flynn russian  investigation? amazing!  not a patriot at all.
Flynn didn't lie to the vp. everyone of them has been fully aware, all along. #inners
General flynn can't get immunity, but all the people involved in the clinton email scandal got it
Michael flynn was fired by obama administration, and trump administration didn't vet him. my vote is to jail them all
Don't forget flynn was also rewriting intel briefings making them more simple for trump to understand.  #inners
#inners why are we pretending flynn lied to pence. give me a break
It's not that the dt admin failed to vet flynn. they knew who and what he was--one of them. no vetting necessary. #inners
#inners honest to god, if I was in the same room with flynn I would try to punch him in the nose! what a traitor!
And by far, the most appropriate meme quote for michael flynn has to be "lock him up." #inners
#inners and i'm old enough to remember when trump refused nat sec briefings because flynn would explain everything he needed to know
Hey #drjillstein why were you having dinner with mike flynn and vladimir putin? asking for a friend.
Never forget flynn worked for turkey and russia
what I don't understand is does anyone check the presidents staff
the president?? #inners
There were reports from beginning that #flynn acted crazily in #potus briefs. remember? chris #christie was said to have backed him down.
First 100 days:
health care.. duh!
wall.... duh!
it's obamas fault!
flynn? obamas fault !
tax reform.. ummm
#chucklecheif
Flynn was handed classified material while taking $ from turkey &amp; he wasn't vetted. but her emails!!! #inners
Hey, wh hr; there's this guy flynn who was fired from his last job. hr: it's ok. if he's a spy, we'll blame it on his last employer (obama).
#inners trump *vetted* the way he runs his businesses. based it on what he could get out of flynn not gov't protocol. he was power drunk.
Obama has a lot of explain' to do for hiring flynn to be trump's natl sec advisor.... especially after firing him! damn you barry!
I guess michael flynn meant specifically 1/10th when he said hillary should be locked up, not I did 1000% worse. #resist #theresistance
Actually flynn might quietly take a deal &amp; trump will pardon him in 4 years.
Maybe is shelly adelson tells the white house to give up the documents and throw flynn under the bus, they will.. #inners
Based on msnbc right now, the new flynn revelations will have trump impeached and hillary sworn in as potus by morning.
#thingsthatneedawarninglabels donald trump, bannon, flynn, conway, the freedom caucus, ryan, mcconnell and on and on.
Flynn has access to top secret info. while nsa and was foreign agent and was also implicated in to planning kidnapping of turkey cleric
#vetting #trump #whitehouse
repulsive garbage to blame #flynn on obama administration. 
fired by obama. out of gov for 2 years since. 
#bs
Manafort, flynn, epshteyn, kushner, page, all worked in concert w/ russia to get trump elected! we'll drill down to it eventually. #inners
The flynn story gets nuttier and nuttier.
Vetting is being blamed on barack?flynn probably had access 2 highly classified info while he was in wh taking money from foreign countries
Yes, flynn is all those treasonous things. but so is potus and most of the administration.  it's not that f wasn't vetted, it's that the wh
General  flynn is under investigation for accepting money from a foreign gov. what about hillary clinton???????
Flynn was pushing anti kurd agenda on behalf the turks. the ypg is ally against isis. flynn shafted them for cash.

compromised. kompromat.
So pence forgot to have flynn's sci clearance checked for changes?
was flynn sacrificed to cover for pence who ran the transition team?
Nothing about hiring michael flynn ever made any sense.  it was just plain stupid from every single angle you could look at it.
Flynn sat in on security briefings. trump administration guilty of national security violations for mishandling classified information.
Remember when donald trump said flynn was a good man and the only problem was the press who hounded him?
No worry about your pension, flynn. trump always takes such good care of his friends

shaka, when the walls fell. trump and flynn at tanagra
It's one thing to say, 'well, flynn had clearance before,' it's another to say 'we did no checks at all for that reason'

#inners
I do wish michael flynn or his vile son were still on twitter - they so deserve major trolling.
#lockhimup
Just checking flynn fired in 2014 august 2016 he did not have clearance but was shown classified docs #lockthemup
Isn't it strange how trump seemed ready to praise gen. flynn, something tells me trump is compromised with russia along with gen. flynn!!
#trump's only pr move is always to raise a new issue--expect a doozy to get away from flynn for whom they have no narrative
Prez obama fired flynn in 2014. trump hired him n 2017 &amp; didn't vet him bcuz he worked4 obama 3yrs ago? stop blaming obama4 ur incompetence!
White house still blaming obama for trump being friends with flynn... i'm not sure how that fucking works. #blameobama
If I needed a job, and I had flynn's resume, I couldn't get a paper route. #inners
Flynn's all ground we've been over. broke the law, when/how to be seen. meanwhile, trump giving national treasures to pvt interests. #inners
Seems media (so far) is forgetting #trump didn't fire flynn when he learned of conflicts--not until media learned about it
Obama admin vetted flynn after knowing about his actions in 2015 and learning more in 2016. they gave him and let him keep his security lvl.
So brandon flynn was at my old high school 😩😩😩
Trump did zero vetting on #flynn &amp; he was working for a foreign govt. while handling classified info.

how many others are in our govt. now?
#cnn  they did warn of #flynn in 2014 woooops there goes that lie manipulation  and excuse #trump #thewhitehouse .. #un #doj #aclu
Mike flynn might as well leave the country and never to be seen again.
#lockhimup ironic flynn will go to jail, not clinton. #trumprussia
Top democratic senator: there is 'powerful' evidence that flynn 'broke significant criminal laws'
#wh has #flynn problem &amp; it's interesting how #trump spoke highly &amp; now distancing. do your own vetting &amp; give committee docs.
Oh wow. since the dod is investigating flynn, does that mean he could get sent to the brig?!
You are the biglyest pussy, stop blaming obama for you fuck ups.  flynn is your fuck up. dick wad
The trump team most likely didn't vett anyone in the wh.
jared 
steve
steve
priebus
spicer
kellyanne
anyone flynn hired
#trumprussia
12. fbi, senate &amp; congressional investigations underway (yeah I know, sort of with some). flynn gone, sessions &amp; nunes recused
Trump/gop strategy: blame obama, democrats, &amp; minorities 4  all mistakes trump/gop have made. ex. aca, flynn, park closures, crime.  #inners
Spicer blames obama for flynn’s security clearance:"please". obama killed hofa also. #cover-up very sad
Maybe flynn told trump that his resume was being audited? #inners
Obama fired flynn in 1923
Never mind. spicer. flynn. obama. back to angry.
Mike glennon is the new matt flynn #nfldraft
Might as well jump into this: when and how can trump pardon michael flynn?
Mike g on that matt flynn program #freebands
Think it's safe to say based on what's going on w/flynn, the current administration may not have vetted any1 or we wouldn't have #russiagate
Trump guilty of mishandling classified information by allowing flynn to sit in on president's daily briefing.
Woaw bears pick mitch. mike glennon bout to be the new matt flynn lol
We are going through the prisoners dilemma now with mike flynn
The #bears are doing it right. bring guys in at the qb position and let them compete. #seattle style with wilson &amp; flynn in 2012. #nfldraft
Might as well jump into this: when and how can trump pardon michael flynn?
#trump is angrier at canada than at flynn; maybe the latter is more of a threat?
Oh, sorry, one more tweet on the us senate: mccain said when asked about today’s flynn news, “honestly, I didn’t keep up with it.”
Stories like this make it a lil bit harder to believe craziness coming out of sean spicer's mouth about how fired #flynn was obama's fault.
I forgot about the flynn conspiracy to kidnap thing too.
#trumprussia
damn that guy is dirty
#smshow reason flynn got hired by trump - obama fired him.  one more obama decision trump tried to overturn.  trump caught with pants down.
What's the real deal w/#flynn? he's not going "down" for #trump
All this paul ryan healthcare trump tax nonsense is a distraction..flynn being a traitor is the true story people..trump is n real trouble.
No, flynn didn't leave the trump wh b/c he lied to pence. it's b/c he was linked to putin's spies, hacking of dems, it bots &amp; was too hot 🔥
#seanspicer is a lunatic to not understand the process, he needs to go! security peeps said to flynn don't accept payments.
Now that more is coming out about flynn, i'm starting to believe that the hillary, child sex ring, pizza place thing, might not be true.
Feels like the matt flynn &amp; russell wilson situation 😂😂
Feels like the matt flynn &amp; russell wilson situation 😂😂
This is basically wilson and flynn pt 2 if trubisky wins out
Mike glennon is the new matt flynn.... legendary #nfldraft
Glennon will be mike flynn the remix
Matt flynn got paided by seattle just to get he spot snatched by russell
Obama fired flynn because he talked obama arming isis.
Flynn was angry enough about being fired to use any means to see to it that trump was in the wh.  djt knew this.
Obama fired flynn because he talked about obama arming isis.
Michael flynn was retired, not because he chose to be. he was fired during the obama admin because of clashes over his leadership style.
Wow! faux president trump blames obaba for his own choice of flynn for nsa.  lol # fakepresident
Mike glennon is about to enter matt flynn "get paid a lot to do nothing" territory and he's on his way to being my new hero.
My non bias take is this: feels like matt flynn russel wilson situation, competition is great, let the best man win and excel
Mike flynn needs to start pumping iron for when he heads to a federal pound me in the ass prison.
Why does #presssec #seanspicer look like a turtle trying to retreat into his shell whenever he's answering a diff questn? like #flynn today.
What's deal w/#trump #flynn? he's not "going down" for #trump &amp; are they calling each other's bluff hoping it will go away w/distraction?
Breaking: army documents show that ousted trump national security adviser flynn was warned in 2014 not to take foreign government payments
#trump #wh not outraged or alarmed that #flynn mislead them&amp;hid his foreign entanglements.just like no outrage about whole #russian debacle.
Is it me, pence was in chrg of transition flynn lawyer said he told trnstn abt flynn's russia deets? how did he lie to vp? #inners #hardball
Michael flynn is the subject of a pentagon investigation
#potus was told to appoint flynn. he did. no background check was done. 

they have to be shitting bricks​ in the white house. #trumprussia
#rumahuntukburuh my problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.|errol flynn #nomor1.net #jenimu729
Trubinsky pick rivals the johnny flynn pick, but not quite as bad
Flynn is just the small fish. the bigger is still signing executive orders trying to cover up #trumprussia
Spicer blames everyone because the inexperienced administration was too stupid to vet flynn!
Curious why trump doesn't come out strong against flynn and say if laws were broken yadda yadda yadda... 🤔
Goal benet. erin flynn dribbles not one,but two defenders and clinically puts the ball in the back of the net. benet 1-0 with 27 left 1st hf
He was warned. he was given an explanation. nevertheless, he grifted. #flynn #flynnghazi
Trump thinks pres. obama is his little brother. every time he does something wrong like everyday. he blames the x-potus. flynn not vetted.
"he finished off tpp! promise kept! fucking dems, running flynn out of the administration making trump become establishment!!"
#wikileaks/russian servers, #alphabank, #flynn, and others, may be enough to bring impeachment proceedings. hopefully trump is proven clean
Here's the thing: trump knew that flynn had spoken at rt event for $ &amp; dined with putin--and still hired him as natsec adviser.

— david co…
👀cahalinemy I bet chaffetz foot would be fine with potus hillary. flynn &amp; foot of the resistance in his rear is cause of exit. #chaffetz
Hey michael flynn when you have "friends" like putin, who needs enemies? i'm sure putin wont worry about you like the guy that fell 4 floors
When is jessica chastain going to play sally yates in the movie? michael flynn should be played by woody harrelson.
#maddow #msnbc
laying out the time line, maddow pinned down flynn and the w.h. trump. 

excellent reporting.
Funny to see liberals "concerned" about russia paying flynn a few thousand $, yet have no problem with russia giving hillary $35 million!
If you've noticed, every three weeks to a month gen. flynn resurfaces with a "new" russia connection. it never gains traction, though.
Who, what, why, when and where?  lt. gen. (retired) michael t flynn indictments? now?  #roadapples
April falcon doss. go get'em girl! #trumprussia #flynn #maddow
Donald trump 
mike flynn
carter page
roger stone
jane sanders
paul manafort 

and so many more are under federal investigation by the fbi
Most important pick of all is up next #flynn
Why doesn't anyone think that flynn didn't have to ask permission to take $ from russia...because he already had it..from?fill in the blank
I don't think wh is able to embarrassed. they wanted flynn #maddow
No vetting for extremist big mouthed hater, extreme vetting for brutalized children running for their lives #flynn
You voted for his? don't think so, even for patriots. this false narrative is stupidity. russians, flynn, nunes gates(notification to admin)
Trump wh is impeding a federal treason investigation by deny info on flynn. is this embarrassment enough for trump want to provoke nk ?
Now obama is to blame for flynn's vetting. trump and his so called team of the most intellegent people ever did not do any vetting. pitiful!
Attorney for gen. mike flynn says investigation of his client is nothing more than a witch hunt. shouldn't that be warlock hunt? #mikeflynn
Clint watts' take sounds right. after he as fired, flynn figured his career was over so went all-in to the highest bidder.

#maddow
#maddow I got money on the fact that they knew of flynn' s kremlin contacts .question is who can he bring down? hope he has security
Woman
flynn caught red handedgtblames b baby naka red tide ako
Shepard smith accuses white house of appearing to orchestrate; of flynn scandal   shep, take a break and go home to capote land, drink a few
I absolutely hate that flynn wears a suit so well. it's confusing and contradictory--and he has no lips.#maddow
So what has mike flynn 's wife or family saying about his illegalities?
Is this reuters thing to distract from flynn?? #maddow
I am sure michael flynn knew better, that's just pure arrogance #msnbc
Why are #trump and #nunes so afraid of #flynn. what does he have on them? #cowards.
Flynn was appointed by obama and worked for obama. flynn is dirty. just like his home team.
"cozy up with a foreign nation n take $$ from them" dod coming after gen flynn 👍🏿
Flynn: *wants revenge against obama, gets caught and possibly spend his remaining years in prison* derp.
  #maddow
Flynn couldn't have been working totally alone. he had to tell someone, and there is only one person he could have told. trump
Can't wait until flynn gives up #potus. for setting up these payments for foreign govs!!
Interesting: flynn cozying up to russia was part of his revenge plot against obama for firing him.  his vengeance got the best of him.
#maddow wh m/not have 1 pc of paper. trump/flynn were full of themselves after winning &amp; it may have been totally dismissed relying on past
I get it.  flynn did some really bad things. but. considering the gop hindrance of multiple investigations, if he has provable info, use him
Trump's a chump if he thinks he can start ww3 with n korea to divert attention from gen flynn and russiagate. not this time.
Obama firing flynn sealed the deal for him getting the job the the trump admin.  trump's hate for obama was that great. #maddow
Tucker carlson not reporting news of the day  flynn,..trump threatening war with n korea,..news that hurts trump  carlson stays away
White house will not release any documentation
 on flynn, what are they hiding???
They knew exactly what they were getting with flynn. if candidates had to get security clearance we'd be safer.  #maddow
Trump admin neglected to properly vet flynn and therefore any others! they didn't do it. #incompetence a travesty to a new government
Flynn is a reflection of donald trump .  you are a joker and we all know it .
"it's incompetence." - clinton watts, former fbi, on wh not having any documentation on flynn
Flynn and trump both vengeful toward potus44 why won't trump comment on flynn or tun over documents?
tweet me your best guess jakrestan
Trump is such an egomaniac that he was completely smitten w/idea of flynn,military guy, backing him. trump would do anything to keep that.
