"NAFTA" I really hope trump withdrawals from it, recently I've become more alienated by his comments about amnesty, this will help make up!
#trends24Worldwid #JonathanDemme #CoDWWII #الهلال_يحرم_النصر_من_التسجيل #ESPN #AlienDay #MotivosPraMeCrushar #KevinOLeary #Osasuna #NAFTA
Someone explain to me why 23% of electorate gets 100% control of government &amp; 77% have to go along w/ their bullshit. #Resist #MAGA #NAFTA
Trumpflakes grateful Trump wants to get rid of NAFTA. They could hardly spell it anyway.
Senior Trump administration official says executive order on withdrawing U.S. from NAFTA is under consideration.
between the ACA repeal and the plan to cut all of Trump's taxes and withdraw from NAFTA we can pretty much just kiss the economy goodbye
NAFTA is bad for workers in US and Mexico but piece of shit Trump needs congress to repeal. Just more bullshit from him. #DontheCon #MAGA
If there is a withdrawal from NAFTA &amp; other international trade organisations as well, expect a trade war that will end badly for the US.
We are staring into an Abyss... leaving NAFTA, Healthcare unknowns...tax cuts that will increase the deficit. I swear I have angina from it
America should withdraw from NAFTA - NAFTA has crushed America's economy and destroyed our manufacturing_
Here is another BS from trump and his supporters about NAFTA . Trump is all talk and no action.hasn't created a single job, just hate Fear.
Circus, circus, circus if you are going to leave NAFTA to do it and already and stop giving shame as capricious child
NAFTA took Grament Industry.
At least 5 factories in Napa Valley alone, prior to NAFTA.
Some of us were Union, ILGWU, via Levi Strauss &amp; Co.
Breaking: O'Leary quits race

In other news: Trump mulls NAFTA withdrawl

Still other news: It's 11:53 and I've already eaten all my lunch
Just so you get the Facts: A Republican, George H.W. Bush, signed NAFTA. Not Bill Clinton.
Leaving NAFTA will be number one if he goes through with it.
By threatening to withdraw from NAFTA, Trump is desperately seeking a campaign issue that'll prop his ratings. Next issue, "lock her up"!
NAFTA Check it out! hamza_mumtaz will do your java, c assignments and projects for $5 on #Fiverr
JUST IN: Senior Trump administration official says executive order on withdrawing U.S. from NAFTA is under consideration …
NAFTA trade war....I guess that North American version of Venezuela is coming sooner than I thought.
The US needs 🇲🇽 &amp; 🇨🇦  how are rich ppl so dumb to think their economy runs on only Americans like who gave y'all college degrees #Nafta
I'd love for reporters to simply ask Donald Trump to explain #NAFTA. Just simple questions. Curious if he could answer them.
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks advance on earnings; Canada dollar, Mexico peso weaken on NAFTA news
#NAFTA #ImpeachTrump NOW! Not only is he a traitor he is freaking NUTS
Trump want 2 pull out of NAFTA and every other deal ever made. Other countries will how Native Americans feel. #BadForAmerica. No trust left
Top 5:
1: Kevin O'Leary +4
2: Jonathan Demme -1
3: #CoDWWII +8
4: ESPN -2
5: NAFTA +6
Today is Bannon's wet dream. Regardless of tax "reform," AHCA, natl parks, NAFTA, let's focus. #TRUMPRUSSIA #INCOMPETENT #COMPLICIT #RESIST
Senior administration official: The proposal to withdraw from the horrible NAFTA deal is being reviewed. Promise kept. ✔️🇺🇸
America First will soon be America fighting alone. With WWIII on the horizon pulling out of NAFTA will be suicide for the United States. :O
That said, vast swathes of #TheResistance will suddenly become passionate NAFTA fans if this actually happens.
You can tell Trump has a problem with Canadian softwood by the timber of his voice.

#Canada #Forestry #Softwood #NAFTA #Trump #TalkDutyToMe
Trump doesn't seem to understand that we are a consumer based economy and the jobs aren't coming back just by fucking with #NAFTA
BREAKING: The White House is considering a EO to withdraw from NAFTA
Donnie can't do anything unless it is an EO. Some "deal maker" he is. #maga #NAFTA #Trump
NAFTA was designed to make North America an even playing field economically. I don't want even, I want America 1st! #MAGA
#Trump wants #USA out of #NAFTA; May - #UK out of #EU, #LePen -negotiate #EU deal,etc.
I bet it is a political epidemic &amp; needs new vaccine😉
Canadians will be thrilled with Donald Trump getting rid of NAFTA since it has screwed us from the beginning. Americans will pay fair share.
Withdraw from NAFTA? Donald Trutin wants to bring America to its knees.
Healthcare. NAFTA. Tax code. North Korea. Blitzkrieg. Anxiety Attack.
Shoutout to all of the #Bernie fans and #Democrats who are suddenly decrying a withdrawal from #NAFTA. You all championed this last year.
And they want to blow up NAFTA, too? Plus kill tourism &amp; create job-killing tariffs in place? 3/
Omg...tax reform, AHCA and now NAFTA withdrew !! Today's is a fucking Glorious day  ! #MAGA #ThankyouTrump #Winning
when you sit down at a meeting and the first thing to come up is the potential executive order to withdraw from #NAFTA...sigh.
ProgressivGreen: RT mtracey: That said, vast swathes of #TheResistance will suddenly become passionate NAFTA fans if this actually happens.
On Trump considering dropping NAFTA, Walker says, "He certainly has an aggressive negotiating style, which has worked for him in the past."
Increasing trade barriers with CAN and MEX will result in lost jobs and higher consumer costs in #AZ. Strengthen #NAFTA, don't abandon it
There's only one way to stop Trumps resounding campaign against NAFTA: have a few rich people that benefit have a meeting with him. Again.
So we're supposed to believe that after withdrawing from #NAFTA Trump will somehow create BETTER deals with the resulting angry countries? 😆
I'm not a big fan of NAFTA. But, whatever the Ferengi with the bad toupee does to it, would make it worse.
#NAFTA those of you cheering him to pulling out it are the ones that it will hurt the most. PS.... learn and read up on it.
Do these libtards that are all for NAFTA even know what it is? If you idiots knew anything about NAFTA, you'd agree with canning it.
Build Wall
Deport Aliens who pay taxes
Build-up Military
Ax NAFTA and TPP
Strip O'care
Tax Cuts for Rich
Infrasture
WHO's PAYING FOR THIS?
Global economic crisis via NAFTA withdrawal
WW III
Healthcare taken away

I'm so tired of all this "winning"
I wonder how much of #TaxReform, #TrumpCare, #NAFTA talk happening today is an effort for Trump to make his #100Days look like a success.
Taking bets: O'Leary as Trump NAFTA negotiator. Who's in?
So USA is withdrawing from NAFTA!!!!!!!!!!!! What now will happen to the economy?????
White House considering order to withdraw from NAFTA #breakingnews
If you are one of those dipshits who thinks withdrawing from NAFTA will bring jobs back, you are electing to spike the cost of goods for all
TRUMP CLOSE TO NOTIFYING OF NAFTA WITHDRAWL INTENT: WASH POST
TRUMP CLOSE TO NOTIFYING OF NAFTA WITHDRAWL INTENT: WASH POST
"Kevin O'Leary"
#CoDWWII
#ختمه_متسابقين_حياتك
NAFTA
Osasuna
Can POTUS withdraw us from NAFTA without congressional approval?
Canadian foreign minister says NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time
*TRUMP CLOSE TO NOTIFYING OF NAFTA WITHDRAWL INTENT: WASH POST  --   that was dip to buy -- guess not fake news
White House readies order to quit NAFTA, according to administration official:  #Forex
The vast majority of the jobs lost since NAFTA came as a result of automation. Those jobs will not return.
Perhaps Canada should file 90 day notice to withdraw from NAFTA prior to U S doing it
I feel that many people in Canada on the left and perhaps the right will soon realize how vital NAFTA is to our economy
The problem with NAFTA is that Mexico doesn't really produce much of anything except illegal drugs and illegal immigration.
Trump is gonna pull out of NAFTA like he wished he pulled out of Marla Maples.
#Canada &amp; #Mexico - I am inviting you to visit with me ghost towns in #Pennsylvania #Michigan where NO jobs because of #NAFTA! #Tatiana
Trump close to notifying Canada, Mexico of intent to withdraw from NAFTA -Washington Post
SPOKESMAN FOR CANADA FOREIGN MINISTER SAYS "NAFTA NEGOTIATIONS HAVE NOT STARTED. CANADA IS READY TO COME TO THE TABLE AT ANY TIME"
Saw only the end of the WHDB. Mnuchin had clenched teeth again. Missed Cohen. BBC reporting markets reacting neg on NAFTA EO news. Im🍑the 🍊
The passage of NAFTA involved a 169-page piece of legislation, H.R. 3450. Only Congress can change the statute
Trump's NAFTA threat is nothing more than a distraction attempt from his tax reform proposal handouts to the very rich.
I'd be all for repealing NAFTA and replacing it with an English Speaking Nations Free Trade Agreement.
Trump admin mulls cancelling Nafta while Brian Mulroney - whose political legacy is Nafta - is a Canadian trade envoy to Trump admin.
Trump close to notifying Canada, Mexico of intent to withdraw from NAFTA -Washington Post
Increasing trade barriers with CAN and MEX will result in lost jobs and higher consumer costs in #AZ. Strengthen #NAFTA, don't abandon it
Hey #Detroit #Michigan tweet pictures to #Canada &amp; #Mexico! They are asking why we want #NAFTA to be gone or renegotiated Significantly!
#NAFTA is flawed. No argument there. But the benefits outweigh the costs. Protectionism is a delusion.
Trump/WH media strategy: clog airwaves with new tax plan, Nafta withdrawal, and FCC net neutrality plan at the exact same time.
Capping off the 100 day mark with a shitstorm: tax cuts for rich, eliminating pre-existing conditions, and withdrawing from NAFTA.
Speculation that Trump is close to notifying of NAFTA withdrawal
NAFTA has reduced American manufacturing by a massive amount. Kill it
Trump wants to pull out of NAFTA which will decimate jobs in the US and at the same time pass tax reform relying on job market growth?
Trump to sign executive order withdrawing U.S. from NAFTA.
LiveSquawk: Trump close to notifying Canada, Mexico of intent to withdraw from NAFTA -Washington Post
So for Ohio - 2016 merchandise exports to Canada $39 bn.  To Mexico, $13 bn.  NAFTA is over 1/2 of Ohio's exports.

"Yeah, who needs NAFTA?"
Trump close to notifying Canada, Mexico of intent to withdraw from NAFTA -Washington Post
No doubt Trump will botch pulling out of NAFTA, but in this we'll also see a divide between populist and establishment Democrats.
On the tape: Canada says ready to come to NAFTA talks "at any time"....preferably with a bottle of icewine (my addition)
Let the trade wars begin. Especially if the United States withdraws from NAFTA
President Trump is reportedly going to sign an executive order withdrawing from NAFTA soon. Hopefully it's true! NAFTA has been a disaster!
MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
Farmers in Iowa (Trump voters) will find out that if you build a wall &amp; cancel NAFTA, Mexico won't be buying their corn. Karma for bigots.
MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman#Forex
Cancelling NAFTA ironically screws Trump's base the most. The guy needs an actual political director asap
MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
Reuters: MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
If we DO eventually leave NAFTA (an EO is only symbolic), expect grocery and clothing costs to rise and Trump's record-low support to vanish
Trump considering executive order to withdraw US from NAFTA. Withdraw from Presidency. Asshole.
Reuters: MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
REUTERS: MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
It took Nixon to finally go to China, and it looks like it'll take Trump to finally get rid of #NAFTA.
Reuters: MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
Withdrawing from NAFTA is a great idea because people will finally understand it's automation that's screwing us, not trade deals.
ReutersBiz: MORE: 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
NAFTA = Giant sucking sound of jobs leaving the United States.
U.S. President Trump close to notifying Canada, Mexico of NAFTA withdrawal intent - Washington Post
waiting for Trump to mention this NAFTA thing in detail so i can get back into my USDMXN short
Wednesday: GOP makes new move to kill healthcare ▪️ Trump plans to leave NAFTA ▪️Tax reform introduced ▪️ FEC moves to kill net neutrality
Trump shouldn't be able to leave NAFTA without congressional approval. But he probably has the authority because Congress has been toothless
Trump administration close to notifying Canada, Mexico of intent to withdraw from NAFTA – Washington Post
luv all the #snowflakes blathering on about economic prophecies they were fed by the DNC, go smoke a bowl, ur clueless kids NAFTA
Trumps ultimate goal is to tear the U.S apart in order for We The People to look to him for deliverance. Only my GOD can do that! #NAFTA 😇
Can we talk about the fact that there is an executive order in draft to repeal NAFTA?
Reversing the effects of #NAFTA on Mexico (which isn't assured by just a repeal) would do much more to stop border crossings than a wall.
Stop #NAFTA + non-NAFTA trade w/ #Trumpistan until Darth Orange is voted out in 2020... #cdnpoli
NAFTA withdrawal order = market uncertainty, sidelined investors, alienated Congressional GOP &amp; risky artificial timeline on US negotiators
Trump close to notifying Canada, Mexico of intent to withdraw from NAFTA -Washington Post
Can we stop the Nafta for a min so the USA can make some money off the other country's bringing there products in and selling tax free plz
NAFTA
If you could only get rid on ONE, which ONE would you get rid of?
Trump wants to fuck over #Canada as much as #Mexico with #NAFTA pullout
So there’s a rumour that Trump is going to pull the US out of NAFTA and that isn’t even the biggest story on #cdnpoli today. #crazy #cpcldr
I once again find myself beating the "drink tequila while it's cheap" drum because Benevolent Leader wants to pull out of NAFTA.
FFS Another useless EO to pull out of #NAFTA. Just so he can claim it as a 100 day accomplishment. Hello? Congress?
I never liked  NAFTA but, you cant just exit like Trump Admin. wants. Huge consequences globally if this occurs. Renegotiate NAFTA.
#Resist
White House readies order to quit NAFTA: administration official: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A draft executive order to…
Trade disputes, such as US lumber vis a vis Canada are normally  negotiated via NAFTA or WTO &amp; not by imposing "macho" unilateral
tariffs.
No more NAFTA...oh I wonder how many free market Republicans will toe the Trump line.... No convictions
without NAFTA, no more guacamole, no more tequila, no more cerveza?!! This guy is insane, BAD HOMBRE
What exactly is NAFTA?
Know, that's massive, since NAFTA. Nafta was signed it was Russia that hacked. And then and only produced more poverty.
Incidentally, fact that O'Leary has pushed NAFTA threat way down in Cdn news suggests to me US already has huge credibility problem here.
Trump is out to destroy our #healthcare and economy. #Trumpcare is a travesty, and leaving #NAFTA will hurt every consumer. 

"Gary Cohn"
NAFTA Time for Canada to get tough on the things the US depends on us 4, uranium, crude oil, hydro, dont let them have the keystonepipeline
#ESPN
#JonathanDemme
#CoDWWII
#AlienDay
#wednesdaywisdom
#NationalPretzelDay
#GaryCohn
#Hotelpocalypse
#NAFTA
#EchoLook
Follow 😍😅🤣🤣
Putin would love to see #NAFTA ended and the ensuing chaos and joblessness
I suspect a credible threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be a bigger deal than a unilingual leadership candidate realizing he's unilingual.
Nafta won the league match in Križevci 0:5...
Result of the youth tean will be posted asap...
20 southern automaker, 100 agriculture senators, about 200 congressmen serving agricultural interests spells no way on NAFTA pullout
NAFTA must die! Bi-lateral trade agreements guard against the type of deficits we're currently seeing with nations like Mexico and China.
As soon aa #Trumprussia gets some news coverage #MSM has to cover Healthcare, Tax Reform, Nafta,  ... Korea 
#TrumpColluded
Finally some good news: NAFTA is trending. #ThatIsAll
-I think he's bluffing 
M.K. #NAFTA
#NAFTA NAFTA Time 4 Canada to get tough on things the US depends on us 4, uranium, crude oil, hydro, dont let them have the keystonepipeline
It's like Trump flings out everything in his arsenal - Fight w/Canada! Ditch NAFTA! #TaxPlan! - to deflect from Trump-Russia collusion talk.
#World White House considering order to withdraw from NAFTA - CNN
White House considering order to withdraw from NAFTA - CNN #World
'NAFTA negotiations have not started, #Canada is ready to come to the table at any time': Canada foreign ministry spokesman
Trump admin mulling order on NAFTA withdrawal, says Politico.
We wouldn't even be talking about NAFTA if Steve Bannon didn't tell him it stands for "Nation Against the Fascist Trump Association".
Interesting how Trump wants to get rid of NAFTA, when it was the crowning achievement of Ronald Reagan, and George H.W. Bush...
In the 90's we were told globalism and trade deals like NAFTA would reduce are quality of life slightly and increase QoL globally all lies
If Trumps backs out of NAFTA Americans will have fun dealing with a shortage of over 2mil nurses. Good on ya, asshats. #MAGA #TheResistance
On tap: worse AHCA, unfunded tax cut for rich, NAFTA withdrawal(?)

And government may still shut down

I was so enjoying having an economy
Trump's penchant for spontaneous combustion can negatively affect a lot of people quickly with something like a withdrawal from NAFTA.
JUST IN: Senior Trump administration official says executive order on withdrawing U.S. from NAFTA... by #Reuters
White House considering order to withdraw from NAFTA - CNN
Not just #Healthcare, lots of things are more complicated that #Trumps little brain realizes... like #NAFTA, #Trade, #NorthKorea
I suppose, at least, that withdrawing from NAFTA would demonstrate that it wasn't actually the cause of everyone's problems.
Well Trump just wants to fuck over the Mexicans in the Nafta agreement being sashayed away
"White House preps order on NAFTA withdrawal"

desmoooonta globalização
this renegotiation of NAFTA is well needed. i just hope Trump doesn't act out of idiocy and decides to pull us out of the trade pact.
On tap: worse AHCA, unfunded tax cut for rich, NAFTA withdrawal(?)  And government may still shut down  I was so enjoying having an economy
Nacho Forty-five is laying on the stupid thick today: zombie #Trumpcare, sub in S Korea, withdrawal NAFTA threat, tax cuts for super rich. 😱
Heads Up #Resistance: Trump is trying to overwhelm us with #ACA Repeal, #TaxPlan for corporations,repeal of #NAFTA and #WarNK all at once.
Being an elected official should not be comfortable. Keep it up, friends.  #Resist #NAFTA #ImpeachTrump #VoteThemOut #tytlive
MORE 'NAFTA negotiations have not started, Dubs is ready to come to the table at any time' Dubs foreign ministry spokesman
Reading about #TRUMP pulling us out of #NAFTA and #taxcuts  and all I can't think is that scene from Gremlins 2
Sen. Cornyn, responding to reports, says White House withdrawing from NAFTA would have 'profoundly negative consequences.'
So now we add Net Neutrality to news leaks about reviewing national monuments, withdrawing from NAFTA and an absurd tax cut.
Withdrawing from NAFTA would be disastrous for the US economy and I truly hope Congressional Republicans will push back against POTUS.
They are actually talking about leaving NAFTA. Nationalist rhetoric sees no end to its destruction.
STO SENZA NAFTA, PORCO GESU' CRISTO NUN SO CHE FA' #mammadefully
Do you think that the US Should Leave #NAFTA
#NAFTA supersedes the Canada-US Free Trade Agreement. Withdrawing from NAFTA is ripping up that agreement.
Trump why do u want to pull out of NAFTA, I live in Canada and I don't even like it, but at least the products they sell r clean❣️😇
Does Trump know what NAFTA stands for?
You wanna withdraw from NAFTA? Call.

Call that man's bluff. That's not negotiation it's fucking terrorism.
Excellent, a 'reevaluation' of historic &amp; treasured national space AND withdrawal from NAFTA. Just a typical Wednesday in Trump's America.
Freedom Caucus backs obamacare,repeal &amp; replace bill, we had news on #taxreform plus we could also be withdrawing from NAFTA,#winning #MAGA
NAFTA: party may withdraw 6 months after it provides written notice to the other parties.  US statute or code that says how US withdraws?
Trump 'considering draft order to scrap Nafta'
Will be severely disappointed if #NAFTA torn up rather than revised. US can and does benefit from Mexican economic growth ... 1/2
Since when did the president have the power to end Senate-ratified treaties all on his own? Don't recall that in the Constitution. #NAFTA
I wonder if we could lose Kevin O'Leary and NAFTA on the same day
R's having to pass new debt ceiling limit means blow smoke on NAFTA, rattle saber, reveal magical miraculous self-paying tax cuts. Pathetic
Show me someone cherering NAFTA withdrawal and I'll show you an idiot who literally does not understand global economics
Trump considers executive orders to leave NAFTA.
To the people wanting to completely get rid of NAFTA, I hope you're okay having China sweep in and undercut any future trade deals w/ 🇨🇦&amp;🇲🇽
#NAFTA OMG all this craziness just to have something to say before the 100 day. what us he wants do do before Saturday, land in mars?
If Trump drops NAFTA I suspect trucks going into Canada at Detroit will be backed up to  Toledo.
If Trump scraps NAFTA there will be no trade agreements between the US. Canada and Mexico will any freight be allowed to pass at the border
$EWW down on rumors of a full NAFTA withdrawal. WTF?
NAFTA repeal, AHCA, etc. The question is how much suffering must avg. American endure before they wise up? Contemporary capitalism is dying.
If US withdraws from NAFTA, the #Mexican peso goes to 22 in like a week, if not shorter. I find this hard to believe...$EWW
Seems #Trump wants to kill 17 mil american jobs pulling out of #NAFTA LOL. I say good, be gone. We can take our trade other places. #Canada
#NAFTA is fake free trade. Real free trade is pile driving an economy's regulatory burden to Zero, both domestically and overseas.
John Kerry1 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, a deal getting so much for the donors get the great government affordable.  We will think we wou
Trump 'considering draft order to scrap Nafta'
Trump admin mulling order on NAFTA withdrawal, says Politico.
Attention USA shippers.

Canada is hella ass hurt over #NAFTA.  Bigly.
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks advance on earnings; Canada dollar, Mexico peso weaken on NAFTA news
NAFTA: $11 billion Trade Deficit with Canada + $63 billion Deficit with Mexico annually. Why did BHO allow this to go unchallenged? #MAGA
No exec orders allowed. Ending #NAFTA has to be done by Congress. Real free trade? Pile-driving foreign economic regulatory burdens to Zero.
Keep in mind that there's a very high probability that Trump has confused NAFTA and NAMBLA.
Trump doesn't need 3 branches of Govt
"He is the Government"

Wants to sign EO on withdrawal of NAFTA

Who needs congress w/a Dictator?
PIIE: If NAFTA were to collapse, WTO standards will apply to imports, which could be bad news for the US trade deficit. …
Trump is hiding a lot. Products. China. Turkey. Taxes. Russia. Eastern Europe countries. Lastly NAFTA. He is stupid.
Now he wants to pull out of NAFTA
Like all of Trump's EOs, his withdrawal from NAFTA will end in court defeat It took an act of Congress to make NAFTA, it takes one to end it
Trump takes out NAFTA then expect all hell to break loose. This would hammer red states especially agriculture.
So Trump is gonna yank ACA, open protected lands to drilling, kill NAFTA, and maybe bomb a third country. 100 day accomplishments!
I guess Tump didn't like Trudeau teaching him about NAFTA. Get off the ledge Don before someone pushes you. Your tactics are transparent.
The Trump Administration mulling order on NAFTA withdrawal
It appears Trump is just scrambling for *anything to put on his #trump100days report card no matter the long-term consequences. #NAFTA
Pointing out 70K manufacturing plants closed doesn't support leaving NAFTA unless all 70K re-opened in Canada or Mexico.
"Once you've withdrawn from humanity, the rest is easy." -- A friend on Trump's plan to withdraw from NAFTA.
Pulling out of NAFTA means rates default to WTO MFN levels, meaning a weak Peso and possibly importing AG goods from somewhere else. Bad.
Tariff on Canadian wood US way of saying"we have been moving away from logging on public(subsided) land since 90s now it's your turn #nafta
And YES I do think Trump is stupid enough to wake one morning and tweet that NAFTA is null and void.
Leaving NAFTA!Will caus higher tariffson our goods 2!This FakePrez messin w:economy,taxes&amp;healthcare in NEGATIVE way!He wil get20%cut-
Us 1%
For those who miss the "good ole days" of the global recession then you WILL LOVE Trump administration plan to bring it back

NAFTA
If Trump drafts an 'i hate NAFTA order'... What will actual implications truly be? I am betting 90% posturing, 10% reaction. 

Am I crazy?
RW: White House preps order on NAFTA withdrawal
Before NAFTA we had good pay manufacturing Now we have adults trying to support families working fast food. That's what NAFTA reduced us too
The White House is telling U.S. media that it's weighing a plan to pull out of NAFTA, upping the pressure on…
Before NAFTA we had good pay manufacturing Now we have adults trying to support families working fast food. That's what NAFTA reduced us to
New NAFTA deal:

Trump ships a bunch of Dems to Mexico. Each will be assigned a Mexican friend for hugging and stuff.

We get fair trade.
Finally, someone brave enough to kick NAFTA to the curb where it belongs.
Trump drafting executive order to opt out of NAFTA. Igniting trade war with Canada and Mexico.
We have two amazing neighbors and our relationship with them is going to be ruined if we get out of #NAFTA.
TRUMP ADMIN, DISCUSSION ACA BILL, NATIONAL MONUMENT BILL, N KOREA, SYRIA,TAX REFORM, ECONOMY, NAVY SHIPS, DEBT, TPP, TIPP, NAFTA,MEXICO WALL
The White House is considering whether to pull out of the NAFTA free trade deal, two senior admin. officials say  …
Chart data via Campion's The Book of World Horoscopes: #NAFTA took effect January 1, 1994 at 12:00 am est Washington DC
It boggles the mind just how stupid #MAGA voters truly are

NAFTA
#taxreform
It's hard for me to believe that Trump could scrap NAFTA without congress. NAFTA is a law that congress passed.
2/And part of Toluca in NAFTA. 
That leaves FCA with Windsor&amp; Brampton, and some of Toluca + MAZ, Fiat &amp; Alfa.
Yeah, that seems viable.
NAFTA: Negligible economic gains and extremely terrible for the environment. Only the elite ever benefited. If NAFTA goes, I''ll celebrate.
#NAFTA when its gone Democrats won't have excuse no more not to work.
Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump both have a great dislike for #NAFTA because it is hollowing out our middle class!
Sure, nixing NAFTA sounds great right now, but wait until you have to pay $40 for an avocado or $200 for a can of maple syrup.
About to #PERISCOPE abput all the #News of the day. Be ready to Tune In. #FBI #NAFTA #TRUMP
If Trump does end up pulling out of NAFTA, that would be the best thing he's done so far...by a lot.
NAFTA: Also terrible for Indeginous Peoples. NAFTA is only good for the 1%.  It's not "free trade" it's "easier extortion".
2: Cut NAFTA, costing roughly 1 Million Jobs and 1.2 Trillion from Economy. Use Russian Steel for Pipeline, denying Jobs to Steel Belt.
Do you think anyone told Trump that withdrawing from NAFTA is "COMPLICATED?"  #ignorancereigns
I want to ask a question related to Trump's horrible NAFTA/WTO plans for my IPE final, but realize I can't grade 45 of those essays.
According to the Office of US Trade Representative,NAFTA is a really helpful agreement which affords US a 258% trade surplus. Why is it bad?
EVERYONE WINS WEDNESDAY
Conservatives = AHCA
Moderates = NO SHUTDOWN
Business = TAX CUTS
Dems = ACA SUBSIDIES
Populists = NAFTA WITHDRAWAL
Me today: Oh yay, Trump is going to cut taxes. 20 minutes later: The morons may remove us from NAFTA.

Roller coaster of emotions
Clown yet to demonstrate understanding of anything related to leadership - just wallows in the complexities of business already done NAFTA
So he's already weakened our position as a leader in trade.  One of our top money makers-TOURISM-is down. If NAFTA crumbles, BILLIONS lost.
Hey Trump! Fuck with my guacamole ingredients and you will pay.Don't know how, but I'll think of something. #wednesdaywisdom #NAFTA
If Trump does end up pulling out of NAFTA, that would be the best thing he's done so far...by a lot.
Canada lumber/milk dumping on US hurts lumber and dairy industries and will have to be dealt with.NAFTA renegotiations? #POTUS #MAGA #Tucker
I really never could have predicted that I'd be spending the end of my twenties getting nighttime anxiety about NAFTA.
The economic consequences of leaving NAFTA will cause Trump to be the worst Republican president since Hurbert Hoover
Looks like the economy is going downhill from here. NAFTA
"Oh Peter *sigh*" - when everyone hears how he's drafting an EO to withdraw from NAFTA 🙃
Was in a meeting - does NAFTA still exist?  Did WW3 start yet? Did HCG file CCAA yet? 😂
Just cant makeup nun of this shit!Just said on MSNBC-put tarrif on Mexico 4 Iowacorn;now MX buyin cornfrm SAmerica-Iowa out!Will happn
NAFTA
Trump is making the US leave the NAFTA, I'm pretty sure that's not a very good idea but who am I to say something
NAFTA is so 90s!
If they really blow up NAFTA &amp; North Korea things will start to get very bad very fast.
Imagine if we retreated from NAFTA and decided to completely upend the insurance markets of the same day, that'd be fancy, huh
NAFTA = No American Factories Taking Applications
Yes, I am aware of Trump making threats against NAFTA and Mnuchin running around talking tax and regs. And I still went swimming carefree. 🙂
As a result of NAFTA destroying Mexico's agriculture industry 20 million live in food poverty while 1/5 of Mexico's children r malnourished.
Looks like Trump &amp; team is trying to flood the news with things other than ACA today as distractions, i.e. tax reform, NAFTA, NK, etc.
If you think Trump's done nothing look at blowing up TPP, NAFTA, all multilateral trade deals under negotiation.
Someone explain NAFTA to Trump so he'll know what it is before he pulls us out of it. He might not know it's complicated.
It's Wednesday:

Tax cuts for the rich.
Increased deficits. 
AHCA reanimated. 
NAFTA exit EO floated.
The White House wants people to know Trump is thinking about pulling out of NAFTA entirely - MORON
NAFTA withdraw is NOT GOING TO HAPPEN it's just to distract the news cycle from healthcare.
It's here folks. Chaotic, cruel &amp; economically incompetent health care, tariffs, NAFTA, tourism tax cuts, war. All REPUBLICANS' fault.
This #taxreform is based on economic and job growth while Trump is proposing to leave NAFTA which may eliminate many jobs. Nutty.
Scrap NAFTA to the T ... nothing good comes from mexico. Especially CEO,s.
The idea of Flynn, who the White House knew was a foreign agent attending NSC mtgs. is a real problem. &lt;Flash&gt; Quitting NAFTA &lt;Bang&gt;.
The US once had trade SURPLUSES with Mexico. The last time that happened? The first year of #NAFTA and not since
Canada says ready to come to NAFTA talks 'at any time'  #Forex
US admin readies to quit NAFTA. #YEG Economy relies heavily on trade w/ US. Are we prepared for alternative trade sources? #parseyan #yegcc
"Border wall talk leads top Mexican official to float American entry fee"

Pull out of #NAFTA, vacation in Hawaii.
Both Cohn&amp;Munuchin r billionaires-lookin out 4 them!When this TRADEWAR is full blown aftr we leave NAFTA,will see a mess;Iowa corn
bye;VOTE!
#NAFTA because of #Trump americans need to re-evaluate their bragging rights on being 'the best country in the world'. Its a shit show now
#NAFTA where imports are taxed at 2% , and exports are taxed at 30% bill should have never signed the shit in the first place
White House readies order to quit NAFTA - administration official.
#DonnieBoy wants to withdraw from NAFTA, wait isn't your DT clothing apperal made in Mexico???? GTFOH
#NAFTA Screw Mexico. It is a complete failed state. It's crooked and a total shithole. Don't take nothing from them
I hope by Friday Trump is telling the press "No one knew NAFTA could be so complicated"
These Repub boobs on CNN need 2 STFU!Talkin bout leavin NAFTA businsses comin back-NOT!They dont want 2 pay taxes on goods either;
Nextyr-18
Five top films by director Jonathan Demme, director of NAFTA With Ally in 140 years
Threats to leave NAFTA must be accepted by Mexico without fear. US has won a lot, big investments can't go out easily; are long term!
Trumpcare 2.0, Tax reform, womens/human rights, immigration, TrumpRussia, NAFTA, pay equality, anti-war &amp; gun reform. Stay focused &amp; #Resist
*stretches* Let's do this.
NAFTA: No one wants to pay $10 for avocados
Tax Reform: Can't have a massive cut &amp; not pay for it somewhere else.
2/2 by possibly fucking over NAFTA and its not even a half a year into his presidency
am I the only one that is excited about this NAFTA thing? When NAFTA was signed guess where all the manufacture jobs went?
Getting rid of NAFTA  just another of many, many asinine  moves by Trump, trade with Mexico and Canada will hurt USA biggie time.
YOU QUIT NAFTA SO YOU CAN RICHER AND FUCK ALL EXPATS WHO'VE RETIRED IN MEXICO AND MAKE OUR LIVES MISERABLE YOU'RE GOING TO GET IT FUCKER!
White House tax reform announcement over now comes talk of US withdrawal from NAFTA..is this prelude to some tough negotiation ahead? #risk
man,
it took HCG / EQB
NAFTA / Lumber tariffs
and the new GTA RE tax
to give my $cm that deer in headlight look.
exhausted.
Putin and China would only be too happy if Dumbass moronic Trump somehow got rid of NAFTA. What an ass.
I think Canada should just forget the trade agreement with the US and just focus on trading with Mexico if Trump wants to pull out of NAFTA
"White House prepares draft of NAFTA withdrawal notice" via FOX NEWS
Scoop: Heard from a WH source that the NAFTA EO is coming Friday
I can't tell if Trump is willfully ignorant about International Trade/Economics or just stupid. #NAFTA
R u a #Great #Canada or not...... We shall see....Finally weaning off of NAFTA ...Lets c what witty Libs will do...
Trump weighing order to withdraw from NAFTA. Why not? Sooner he does it sooner an activist judge will block it &amp; it goes to SCOTUS.
#tcot
For Canadian economy, a new NAFTA is a minor problem compared to the Trump corporate tax cut! 15% #cdnpoli #cdnecon
Now Trump wants to pass an executive order withdrawing from NAFTA? *sigh* It feels like it has already been 8 years now~
$SPY $BAC $GS $JPM $AAPL $FB $AMZN Market moving lower based on the NAFTA chatter. I think the Trump admin is just testing the idea.
Messing with #NAFTA could Make America Walk Again:  38% of the United States' oil imports come from Canada, another 7% from Mexico.
Got bad news 4 u IF u r a Dem supporter...Trump Team figured it all out...Don't bother bad mouthing them w/ doesn't know this/that ... NAFTA
#Trump wants to withdraw from NAFTA.
Is that Bannon, who hates free trade or Pence who considers the withdrawal method the only allowed one?
NAFTA. Good or bad? It affords Americans access to affordable goods from top to bottom. #DailyPoll #Maga #Resist #NAFTA #Tariffs
#Mexico and the peso have settled down. $EWW recovering a little on NAFTA negatives....
For all the economic geniuses on this thread criticizing #Trump on NAFTA, I have submitted your names to him for new Treasury Sec'y. #MAGA!
Just remember what Potus said during his Presidential In Auguration.... Ppl think the poverty spread across #America is a #joke... NAFTA
Remember when the left had a critique of NAFTA?
Russia and China are gonna jump for joy if Trump pulls out of NAFTA. That's who will happily fill that void leaving America shit out of luck
I really, really hope NAFTA doesn't get repealed
I normally don't get political on social media but pulling out of NAFTA is very, VERY, BAD! This needs to be stopped.
NAFTA failure in Mexico has had a direct impact on the U.S. through illegal immigration. The jobless have heavily migrated NORTH since NAFTA
here comes the march
the march of the thinkpieces
the thinkpieces about NAFTA
that are exactly the same
as the thinkpieces about Brexit
I hate chirping negative Trump biz, but ending NAFTA, tossing Nat'l Monument protections &amp; Tax Reform for the rich... Another WTF Wednesday.
Trump has an EO on NAFTA
Cuz Navarro says we don't hafta.
And the new tax plan
Owes to Laffer, the man
whose napkin just deserved lafta.
The #nafta talks cost me $600 so far today, that's not a lot compared to the savings I could reap with the proposed #YUGE #TAXCUT.
White House readies order to quit NAFTA:  wow just a` big joke and you will ruin north America as it is bird face
Asked about withdrawing from NAFTA, Schumer instead looks at McCain next to him, says: "I’m withdrawing from the McCain friendship society."
Canada should hang tough and start prepping for a potentially post-NAFTA world, rather than "save" #NAFTA at any price. Batten the hatches.
"White House Said to Draft Plan for U.S. Break From Nafta" bonkers
Top 5:
1: Kevin O'Leary
2: NAFTA +9
3: #CoDWWII
4: #AlienDay
5: Jonathan Demme -3
So... Oga T's really going to blow a hole into NAFTA. Interesting.
Asked Cruz what he thinks of Trump's proposal to pull out of NAFTA. Response from the border-state senator: "Call my press office."
If the US pulls out of #NAFTA, maybe Canada should consider cozying up to the UK, Australia and New Zealand.
just heard trump pulling USA out of NAFTA. Wow  if this is true not good for Canada
if trump trashes nafta the entire economy is going to hell
Most #conservatives don't even realize that their favorite President #RonaldReagan designed the #NAFTA.
Ignorance is bliss
What has Canada ever done to the USA?They've been nothing but good neighbors.  #NAFTA
Did you know that Ronald Reagan designed the #NAFTA
Trump announces his intent to withdraw from NAFTA. Which is not the same as giving 6 months notice as per agreement.
Withdrawing from NAFTA is a terrible idea that will not bring back jobs but will make tons of products more expensive for everyone
..intention to withdraw from #NAFTA unilaterally will already positioned US negotiate better deals +move forward make also Mexico pay Wall👍
$SPX end flat in a busy day
US considering leaving NAFTA
Tax Reform rollout
Border Tax is dead
THAAD ready in S.Korea
Mixed earnings day
Did you know that Ronald Reagan designed the #NAFTA. 
#TradeWar
The White House is not considering a withdrawal from NAFTA, POTUS just wants to wave something scary for us to freak out about. Chill.
Also, no, an executive order can't just pull the US out of NAFTA immediately. It could notify Mexico &amp; Canada &amp; trigger a six month process.
blah blah blah. nothing to get excited here:
tax reform 
trumpcare2.0
no 💵sanc cities
w/d fr: nafta
no Canadian soft lumber
all senators mtg
Every Trump play right now: tax "reform", ACHA Round II, whole Senate to WH to talk NK, NAFTA repeal - ALL just to prop up failed 100 days.
Catching up: We're removing pre-existing clauses, ending tax deductions, and pulling out of NAFTA. Did I miss anything else horrible today?
will. Withdrawal from NAFTA, trade wars w/ higher tariff on imports, Obamacare repeal, reduced investment in green energy,
Maybe Trump REALLY IS #PutinsPuppet. Trade war w/ Canada; wants to withdraw from #NAFTA; supports #LePen; #TaxPlan would explode #deficit.
Mexican peso weakens - &gt; Mexico's exports cheaper.. some Analysts think NAFTA exit is a bluff on the part of the US Administration
Trump attacks dairy &amp; lumber as reason to rip up NAFTA yet they're covered by NAFTA. It's a case of look over there while I screw you over.
If you're looking for some awesome parties, hit up China after trump pulls out of NAFTA, because they're going be celebrating BIGLY
Wait.... Trump is working on withdrawing from NAFTA? Is this dude just trying to piss off everyone in the world, including our allies?
