I blame 45 for the layoffs at ESPN!! See how stupid that sounds?? Now you see how people felt when y'all blamed Obama for EVERYTHING
Anti-ESPN sentiment alone would be enough to get it off the ground.
I'm bummed for these ESPN employees. None moreso than Russillo and Kannell. Essentially their show seems to be done.
ESPN is getting rid of its hockey coverage, which is fine bc I'm not sure what they had before could even be considered "coverage" anyway
If anything, ESPN needs to drop the line that they are "The Worldwide Leader In Sports". No....you're not.
ESPN is really crumbling.
Is ESPN just done covering college sports?
Welp espn ain't hiring no time soon 🤷🏽‍♂️
ESPN really laid off some of their big name people?
Devastating layoffs at #ESPN today. Wishing those affected all the best. Your absence will not go unnoticed by viewers/readers.
ESPN - Sports was one of the refuges to get away from politics and ESPN went full SJW, cant watch or even listen to it
ESPN really purging MFers
I can't remember the last time I turned on ESPN when I wasn't specifically watching a game
If you got laid off by ESPN, it's a blessing in disguise. The network is dying and there are better opportunities out there
Why ESPN people leaven because fake news
can someone plz just make me a complete list of who at espn lost their job
As long as Papi Lebatard is still at ESPN I will be watching. He reminds me of grandfather
To me, #ESPN died when Stuart Scott (God rest his soul) passed away.
The assumption of that LRT is ESPN intending the cover sports well. It's a poor assumption.
FREEDOM CAUCUS APPROVES NEW HEALTHCARE REFORM BILL! OH YE OF LITTLE FAITH! #maga #tax #mnuchen #obamagate #soros #espn #alienday
ESPN looks to prioritize NBA over other sports with these latest layoffs.
ESPN fired the entire hockey team except Melrose...goodbye to those 46 seconds we had
The layoffs at ESPN are terrible. They're getting rid of actual reporting while promoting political and celebrity based garbage
I think more fans will fire #Espn than they fire staff.
Stephen A Smith is literally ESPN's biggest name (along with Adam Schefter) and attracts viewers. He ain't going nowhere
ESPN's coverage of college football is going to look scarce now. Man
ESPN could've cut costs and just ditched the Longhorn Network. No one is watching it anyway
No way y'all are just realizing ESPN is trash to their employees lol. It's been like this. ESPN really can't grasp the idea of loyalty.
I see #ESPN is laying off a bunch of on-air talking heads. They should let go all those clowns who think they're the reason people tune in
I loved the And 1 Mixtapes on ESPN
ESPN can layoff Alan Bestwick so he can go join NBC and work for NASCAR/IndyCar again there pls?
If ESPN fired you today, respond with your inSider username and password.
ESPN is a total joke and an embarrassment, what happened today is sickening and a shame for hockey.
Even with a number of stiffs that shouldn't have jobs the NFL Network has forced a monopoly. ESPN blew it.
the fact that ESPN let go of 3 of the best hockey reporters is actually depressing
All #Liberalism is destined to fail. Yes, even at ESPN. So pardon me if I take pleasure it watching the chickens roosting.
Espn is ruthless right now. Mickey doesn’t give a single fuck
Does anyone have a list of the people that ESPN has let go of that's updated?
if #espn fires 100 people who will report on the Ethiopian swim team.oh thats right trump will
I feel horrible for those who have lost their jobs. ESPN has lost its way. Stick to sports not politics or social issues
This is all going to somehow end up with Bix being on ESPN, isn't it?
Suggested layoffs for ESPN: Joey Galloway, Danny Kanell, Beth Mowins, Chris Berman, Stephen A Smith, Dick Vitale, Mel Kiper, Bomani Jones...
I can't wait to see the next ESPN commercial featuring an overpaid athlete walking around dozens of empty office desks at the ESPN complex.
ESPN laying off hella people 😳
Who is gonna be left for ESPN??
Also ESPN sucks. Period.
I swear to god ESPN better not hurt Tim Kurkjian emotionally in any way.
My Goodness Espn Is Not Playing Today. Letting Go Of A Lot Of Good People/Reporters/Journalist
So many ESPN lay offs 😱😱😱
ESPN cutting up this morning
ESPN execs saw the current ESPN 300 rankings and cut bait.
espn getting boys out of there like the pacers did after the malice at the palace
Use authority to solve careless ESPN.
Holy shit ESPN let go of Danny Kanell???
Looks like the war on football will have to take place somewhere else besides ESPN now
Anybody gotta an updated espn cut list?
ESPN is really going downhill. Next thing you know Schefter will be gone.
Some of my favs caught up in this ESPN layoff situation 😞
#ESPN should be ashamed of itself. Gutting the hockey team during the Stanley Cup playoffs? USELESS.
While the list of lay offs at #ESPN is certainly newsworthy, the reality is 100 moms/dads/spouses/friends are losing their jobs. Very sad.
ESPN is trash. Finally all the workers are feeling the effects of it.
Fuck ESPN. Laying off good ass people
When did ESPN Jump the Shark?
Sad day for my ESPN family...losing lots of talented reporters and writers
If you are a journalist who wants to work for ESPN, why would you want to work there considering what all went down this morning?
If all the talent being let go from ESPN came together and started writing/working for the same site, it would take over the sports world
The world is changing. Companies like ESPN need to figure out how to monetize a shifting demographic. Cord cutters aren't to blame.
ESPN. The people are tired of race baiting leftist. We could actually unite if our politicians and media would stop throwing gas on the fire
ESPN - further proof that #Democrats are job killers. #ESPNLayoffs
Well shit i was fired from ESPN they called and said im no longer going to be able to watch.
ESPN just needs to accept they're a political being. You saw it all through out the college football season with Hillary Clinton ads
Espn is just going to be a puppet reading tweets on the air
Sad day at ESPN with all the layoffs. Good luck to everyone involved.
I subscribe to ESPN Insider. I could go forever and not ever want to hear another fucking former player's thoughts on "the game"
Knowing how much I want to go in to Baseball media seeing how ESPN just cut 100 people is disheartening
Really hope other networks/outlets capitalize off of ESPN's mistake and scoop some of these incredibly talented journalism free agents.
ESPN has made it pretty clear today that they don't care about hockey. Adjust accordingly
That said, ESPN nuking its hockey department is bad for hockey, but good for anyone still covering it now able to hire Pierre Lebrun.
Wait, do people actually still watch ESPN?
Tough Day for the folks at ESPN. Hate to see people lose their jobs.
ESPN layoffs create big oppty for platforms w a growing digital presence and $ to spend. Who's gonna go all in and take advantage of talent?
People celebrating ESPN layoffs is sickening. Have we really lost our humanity? People literally lost the ability to put food on the table
ESPN is getting silly with these layoffs. Kanell and Werder gone, but First Take lives on? Worldwide leader in yelling but not sports. 👎👎
I'd like to announce that after 0 years of working there, I have been laid off by those liberals at ESPN. Excited for the future though!
Gut wrenching layoffs at ESPN today. Disgusted seeing such trusted reporters go down so they can overspend in other areas.
Hope #BTN picks up some of these laid off #ESPN people. Some talent there
ESPN is now going to be nothing but Cowboys and SEC and Steven A. Smith yelling over people.
Leave it to Disney Shareholders to dig up the numbers. Here goes. Over 30% of ESPN Subscribers have NEVER watched even one show on it.
ESPN is a piece of shit!
booo espn! booo capitalism!
I hope ESPN revamps their shitty afternoon lineup. It's been terrible for years now.
ESPN shoulda tried to switch it up before laying off. It's the same topics 4-6 hours straight af a time
Seeing the list of layoffs at ESPN.... brutal.
ESPN be really gassin ppl the fuck up,
I didn't stop watching ESPN because of Liberal agendas, I stopped watching because it became less about sports and more about personalities.
Saying that ESPN is struggling due to left-leaning politics is similar to blaming the Left, esp. Obama, for decline of blue-collar jobs...
ESPN laying off real journalists to keep people like Stephen A Smith...
So ESPN has gotten rid of Grantland and hockey. You could say it's the Trumpification of the channel, but they play hockey in Trump country.
Seeing all these people get laid off from espn is sad
I too have been fired by ESPN
I was laid off by ESPN today
I am astounded by these ESPN layoffs....I feel for all the reporters that have gotten the news, journalism is a tough, tough world.
If it wasn't for live games, I would have zero reason to ever turn on ESPN. fuck them.
ESPN ruined themselves when they started wanting people to not be themselves on air
Fake Sports Center said ESPN was going to cut a bunch of people...seeing people tweeting that they got let go today...🤔
Disney should either: 1) Sell ESPN. 2) Work to make new deals with the leagues with internet based (i.e. non-cable) distrubition as a goal.
Well done, ESPN. Lay off the good analysts and keep Stephen A Smith smug racist ass on television
I will say, I haven't seen one lay off from ESPN of anyone "politically active."
Death by 1000 cuts, ESPN is losing attention because they employee headline screamers that people are sick of! Unfortunately
Can ESPN do a new 30 for 30: Broke about it's own network? Asking for a friend
I'm happy that cuts at ESPN don't impact my life one bit.
It's never funny when ppl have to find out theyre being fired over the internet, or rumor, that turns out to be true. #ESPN
ESPN is keeping every awful person and not the good ones, bold strategy cotton
Dang... my whole feed is espn workers getting fired...
PRAYING Espn tosses Seth Greenberg out the door
As many may have heard, I was in fact included in the ESPN cuts today. Tough day all around, but I'll land on my feet.
These ESPN layoffs are just so upsetting to hear about. I wish everyone better than the best. It’s can be such a brutal industry.
So everybody that gets laid off from ESPN gon tweet about it??
How the FUCK did Stephen A. Smith survive the ESPN layoffs? 
i hope this company doesn't survive another year.
ESPN nuking its hockey department is bad for hockey, but good for anyone still covering it now able to hire Pierre Lebrun.
This is your annual reminder that ESPN stinks as a company.
Going through some #ESPN twitter feeds of those laid off (which sucks) upside is chance to do what they love - comment on politics 4 living
Seems like a lot of the laid off ESPN-ers are saying "it was a great [7 to 8] years" and it shows the bubble peaked in 2009-ish
There's this weird sense of giddiness on social media over the ESPN layoffs. It's pretty sad.
ESPN nuking its hockey department is bad for hockey, but good for anyone still covering it now able to hire Pierre Lebrun.
Get ready for #ScreamTV. #ESPN &amp; other networks going towards this troubling trend &amp; not reporting news &amp; stories.
Interested the way ESPN evaluates talent because some of the people they are letting go versus ones still there and their rate of pay ..lol
I guess ESPN won't be covering the NHL playoffs now that they fired their entire hockey crew...
This is your annual reminder that ESPN stinks as a company.
I'm not one for boycotts but ESPN just made the cut.
And the downward spiral continues for ESPN. #MakeSportsFunAgain
ESPN sucks
I haven't watched a second of ESPN programming since the Final Four. Nothing on there interest me &amp; there is no news they break themselves
If ESPN drops Papi there will be RIOTS
Who else ESPN fire?
ESPN is like that idiot Mike Francesa. All Football, Baseball, college sports with zero Hockey. Good riddance. #deadTOme
Feel terrible for all these ESPN people getting laid off.
Why is everyone from ESPN getting fired lol
Wow the ESPN crew being let off today is taking it incredibly well. Good luck to all of them on their next adventure
Wonder if Boom n Tom Jackson saw this dark day at #ESPN coming so they left 1 year early.
If it weren't for live games, I would have zero reason to ever turn on ESPN. Fuck them.
sheesh ESPN laying off a hunnid people
ESPN is laying off good journalists but you better believe First Take will be live tomorrow
ESPN must really be hurting financially. Let some big time people go in addition to their entire NHL staff IN THE MIDDLE OF THE PLAYOFFS.
I haven't watched ESPN since Campbellsville
Keeping Stephen A. while firing dozens of solid journos is sad, wrong, and another prime example why ESPN is going under.
April 26th will be forever known as the last day ESPN was relevant
Also Tuesday: Kanell criticizes Peppers, triggers UM fans
Wednesday: Kanell gets laid off from ESPN

something's fishy and I don't like it 🤔
Jemele Hill, Michael Smith and Bomani Jones should have been the first three layoffs by ESPN.
Suddenly people flying to ESPN News to see what the scene is...
#TheMassacreAt1ESPNPlaza
If Bucci is laid off by ESPN I'll never watch SportsCenter again
ESPN fired over 100 employees because of their low ratings. Maybe if they quit shoving politics down our throats their ratings could rise.
ESPN is getting rid of veteran talent and replacing with young millenials.
Social media took direct aim at the sports highlights/reporting industry and upended ESPN's model.
Espn needs to get rid of their shitty programs not hard working people. That 6 o'clock show, sports center, the long horn network
Danny Kanell got the boot?  Finally ESPN got rid of one of the bums.
These ESPN layoffs coming right before the draft.
Just found out that I'm no longer working at ESPN. I was never working at ESPN to begin with, so this realization is confusing.
I went through this a couple months ago. Big sports publication cutting back, I was one of them. It's tough, just keep plugging. #ESPN
LMAO how jemell hill and Michael Smith still have jobs is why I haven't watched ESPN in years
The fact they cut some big names in hockey during the Stanley Cup playoffs is fuckin laughable. Fuck espn
ESPN could do without First Take and bring back the morning workout shows with Jake, Kianna Tom and Kendall
good morning to everybody except ESPN
Even though I went to the college in the internet age (2004-08) ESPN was inescapable. PTI and Around the Horn were appointment viewing.
ESPN got tired of Danny Kanell shitting on the SEC.
Can't believe ESPN letting all these people go. Just goes to show you, anything can be taken from you. Stay blessed.
ESPN has become an embarrassment and the layoffs will only hurt them
those ESPN layoffs are crazy.
My heart goes out to all of the ESPN layoffs today, but at least you’ll be able to move out of Connecticut.
1990 ESPN- Every Sport Plus NASCAR....  2017 ESPN- Executive Snobs Pandering to Numptys .... #YouSuck
I've looked up to a lot of people at ESPN in my career. Especially some that have been laid off today. My heart breaks for them. God's plan.
Y'all think ESPN is suffering for covering athletes that speak out against oppression? ESPN wouldn't let you sit in that bubble 😂
Reduced Russillo's role and fired Kanell. Destroying the best radio show on ESPN.
How do you get rid of the turtle neck. #espn
ESPN has been cancer for years. They're doing these employees a favor by getting rid of them
Espn knew what they were doing.. Danny went at the SEC too much for their liking
Working for ESPN sounds cool in theory until you realize a hand full of guys are making all the money when everyone else gets laid off
#ESPN There's only two things that matter at ESPN, the SEC and Lebron James.
Seeing all the ESPN personalities get cut on Twitter is heartbreaking.
Espn pretty much said hockey wasn't a sport anymore
I hope ESPN cut that terrible Scott Van Pelt-branded midnight SportsCenter.
Heart goes out to all of these ESPN people getting laid off today. Terrible news.
Can ESPN layoff Stephen A. Smith as well?
I haven't watched ESPN in forever. Tbh it sucks now. Those two guys and the old man, whack. Michelle Beadle and whoever is there, whack.
Man, every time I check Twitter, another talented person has been laid off at ESPN. Awful day in our business. Thoughts w/all affected.
ESPN is letting my favorites go and I'm just sad.
So ESPN is just firing their actual legitimate sports journalists and reporters and keeping the shock jocks that talk about TMZ stuff.
ESPN bringing a new meaning to Spring Cleaning. Letting go of over 100 employees today.
ESPN laid off a huge number of talented individuals. The hockey coverage took a major hit. But Stephen A. still making $3m?
Contrary to reports, The Dude Man League has not been laid off by #ESPN.
I remember the days when ESPN was the Entire Sports Network Sportscenter in the AM, Afternoon bowling and Baseball or Hockey at night.
ESPN is a joke. Let go guys like Pierre Lebrun, but yet Stephen A. and Skip Bayless still are rich as ever. Death of journalism.
I understand reacting viscerally to ppl cheering your firing at ESPN or anywhere. The prob is learning from it which the media is lousy at.
ESPN is losing money because cable is losing money. It's 2017, the age of on-demand media. Too much good content behind giant pay-walls
Hard-working folks shown the door, while those who created the problems keep their jobs. Sad day. #mediawoes #ESPN
ESPN hasn't been relevant for me in any capacity for a while.  I don't even watch the network outside of actual games and 30 for 30s.
ESPN running people off due to their views. This is the country we live in now. Agree with me or else. Hope they all sue
Ed Werder not being on ESPN is a tragedy.
Hate to see ppl losing jobs but espn has become sjw propaganda and is hope those ppl are being shown the door
Understanding #ESPN layoffs is easy: hemorraghing subscribers + BILLIONS of $$s in rights fees = bad combination.
ESPN is hot garbage.  Don't even care for PTI anymore.
ESPN is not going to be around very soon
ESPN lay-offs, Obamacare repeal, NAFTA withdrawal EO . . .  great news today.  Let's go back to yesterday when #IntoTheBadlands got renewed.
ESPN said Hockey is no longer a sport and fired the NHL staff
These ESPN layoffs are so messed up
ESPN has completed its transformation into MTV
This espn stuff goes to show you the issue with business models where people have to pay more and more for stuff they were getting for free
ESPN better fire that racist piece of shit Stephen A Smith.
Seeing whats happening at ESPN sucks.
Stugotz is gonna get his own show for ESPN isn't he lol
Lmfao, anybody got a list of who ESPN laid off?
Can't wait to turn on NHL Network tomorrow and see all the whacked ESPN NHL guys there.
ESPN cuts most of their hockey writers right in the middle of the playoffs 🙄
I think ESPN is done for. The pro leagues have realized they don't need them as middle man for relationships with fans. Leagues want direct.
ESPN is trash
ESPN in letting go solid talent and keeping a lot of mediocrity is another attempt to patronize millennials and ignore hard core viewers
Sad to see ESPN laying off people, some that I like lol. But thanks to Twitter, I'll still know what they think. If I care...
Only thing u c on ESPN is filthy mouthed thugs/rappers. Music for ESPN is all garbage anti-female rap crap. #ESPNisCancer #ESPNSucksDicks
These cuts at ESPN are messed up
ESPN makes about $4 billion a year for Disney, an $84 billion company, but are firing incredibly talented people today. That's hideous.
Even then, that's partly on the audience. ESPN knows the ratings for their programs and adjust accordingly.
I swear if ESPN hires LaVar Ball.....
Not surprised about #espn....they've become trash
Honestly, ESPN deserves to go down solely for giving Skip Bayless a career.
ESPN even firing the white folk gawd damn
ESPN saw the #s of ppl tweeting about (how bad) sports debate shows are w Skip /cowherd / Whitlock, and thought they needed more of that??
Uneducated guess: Layoffs will not impact the way ESPN pays for live content at all. Live sports are literally all they've got left.
Sorry to hear what's going on at ESPN....
Who here remembers when ESPN used to actually be fun to watch?
Is it the apocalypse at ESPN or something????
ESPN has been garbage for yearsssss now. Desperate times call for desperate measures
Kind of crazy to see ESPN laying off all of these people. I never like to see talented people lose their jobs.
So ESPN appears to be focusing on reporters who make pennies on the dollar that their analysts/hosts do. 

Odd.
Kinda weird how people started saying ESPN was moving too far left when they started putting women and black people in prominent positions.
Every time I check twitter another sports media member at ESPN seemingly tweets about getting laid off. Truly depressing stuff.
ESPN is just giving hockey both middle fingers today.
When will kwa realize obsessing over #espnlayoffs and #espn is just another example of the decay of our society? There are bigger things
ESPN and other media companies proving:

Hot takes are global
Reporting is local
Why is ESPN firing commentators who just do their job but keeping Stephen Smith who literally just spews filth "journalism" every single day
I'm not happy about anybody losing their job...but I'm not SAD Danny Kanell doesn't work for ESPN anymore either.
Not apologizing for retweeting every "I've been laid off by ESPN" tweet I've seen. They deserve to know they're appreciated in a dark time.
There are some fantastic journalists now on the market due to ESPN's cuts. Can't wait to see what outlets take advantage.
ESPN can cut anyone who had a problem with Kaep kneeling
I've watched a lot of ESPN over the years.  Sad to see so many familiar faces lose their jobs during these #ESPNcuts
I miss when espn was a loop of highlights all day long. With PTI and around the horn being the only talk shows.
Espn is putting all of their hockey on Barry melrose
Stopped watching ESPN years ago. Glad i stopped
Can't wait for the "tell all" articles that will be written by former ESPN employees soon enough.
Breaking!!  ESPN to have a 24/7 goo-fest love-in about Michael Sam's opinion on today's events and how life ain't fair!
Wow, ESPN is making some drastic changes. This is absurd.
Anyone shocked what's happening at #ESPN? Nope that's what happens when you stop reporting sports and try the political game #ESPNSucks!
When I see someone upset about an ESPN layoff I've barely heard of, I realize that even with similar interests, we all have our own reality.
Why is ESPN laying off over 100 employees?
Hearing about all of these names let go from ESPN suck.
Such a tough day for ESPN guys and gals. My heart sinks for them.
ESPN is going to cancel SportsCenter in the near future.
I stopped watching ESPN years ago other than watching games. Most of its programming is unwatchable. That combined with the millions cutting
Sc6 is the worst thing I've ever seen in tellen ESPN has a thing for untalented African American journalist
Crazy to think ESPN could have ended if not for marvel Star Wars and Pixar.
My echo chamber is telling me that ESPN is not very popular
ESPN isn't laying off people because of cord cutting. They're laying off people because $4-5 billion in profit isn't good enough.
I hear FoxSports1 is holding a job fair in the ESPN parking lot today. Working to confirm.
Ugh. Some really great people getting the axe at ESPN today...hang in there, friends!
Of all the people laid off at ESPN, please tell me Stephen A. Smith was one of them...
ESPN 30 for 30: "What if I told you, you don't have to go home but you gotta get the hell out of here?"
It's officially happening .. ESPN ➡️FS1
ESPN what are you doing
Layoffs at ESPN today, with the exception of watching a game or 30 for 30, I have pretty much stopped watching the last 2 years.
Hahaha ESPN is struggling because of liberal politics? Please. Conservatives really need to get over themselves on this one.
I like how boys suddenly become ESPN experts when they talk about drafts... maybe y'all should do the picking
What if I told you ESPN laid off 100 employees but sent one of the most annoying ones to Italy for two weeks. A future 30 for 30.
ESPN should fire Reggie Miller too I know he work for turner sports but I can't take much more if his voice calling games
Haven't seen any ESPN PAC 12 reporters laid off yet, which may just confirm they never had any to start with
Whether you liked a writer/reporter or not, to see all of these people lose their jobs at ESPN is devastating.
So now seems like a good time to dump my ESPN subscription, no?
The reason for the ESPN layoffs is because they are losing money. They are losing money because they no longer provide quality sports info.
i watch nothing but ESPN &amp; sports talk showsnow &amp; ok content with that.
&gt;"#SocJus is the key to success!"
&gt;Marvel fails. 
&gt;Bioware fails.
&gt;ESPN fails.
&gt;"#SocJus is the key to success!"

It never fails.
So who else is ESPN canning today?
Feels like ESPN basically killed off all non-Gameday/live game college football coverage.
1. Marshawn Lynch 2. ESPN Layoffs (↑) 3. The Handmaid S Tale (↓) 4. Gordon Hayward (↓) 5. Cassini Spacecraft   #trending
1. Marshawn Lynch 2. ESPN Layoffs (↑) 3. The Handmaid S Tale (↓) 4. Gordon Hayward (↓) 5. Cassini Spacecraft  #Trending
ESPN won't be around much longer if they continue to cut the wrong people. They're gonna have to do a 30 for 30 on their own collapse.
How many ESPN  talents will end up with FS1, CBS, NBC networks I wonder.
Still waiting for ESPN to say that they plan to do "more with less." It's all in the game, I suppose.
They all guilt tripping ESPN 😂😂
Sorry.. lots of ESPN re-tweets... Just one horrified sports fan over here!
Late last year, FOX Sports reported that ESPN was losing hundreds of thousands of subscribers a month, millions in a year.
#ESPN making headlines for all the wrong reasons today
I can't believe ESPN
Bunch of idiots saying #espn going left or political led to fewer viewership and layoffs. Must be why #NFL and #nba   lost views too
If you are a dude with any right leaning tendencies working for ESPN you are getting shipped out
Want TNT to Get Exclusive NBA TV Rights So I'll Never Have to Watch ESPN Again .
Dear morons acting like the ESPN changes is due to their apparently having a "liberal agenda":  You're dumb &amp; disconnected from reality.
"ESPN is getting what they deserve" is the dumbest thing I've seen on Twitter today.

What the hell does that even mean?
Crappy day for ESPN, might not like everyone there but still an unfortunate situation
ESPN wilding
Damn, rough seeing so many respected writers laid off from ESPN.
Getting rid of Grantland and hockey, losing PL soccer - ESPN brand messaging is now "Dumber and with less variety!"
And, as such, ESPN was no longer "worth it" to a large subset of soon-to-be cable cutters.
ESPN is firing some good talent. What a shame
ESPN's bad decisions by big bosses are costing tons of people their jobs. Seems exactly where Trump's leadership is taking America.
I wonder how many ppl Espn lost today will show up on other networks? #FeelsLikeSuperMarketSweepDay #WerderToNFLN #LebrunToNHLN #UpForGrabs
These ESPN cuts remind me of high school tryouts
ESPN really getting rid of all the real journalist and non-annoying people.
My early read into the people and departments getting hit the worst on these layoffs is ESPN has no plans to change their recent model.
Man what's goin on with ESPN?
Fewer than 1/3rd of TV Subscribers consider if ESPN is in the package when deciding to order. That's just putting it in "Want it" category.
Given all the ESPN layoff news today, I'm very thankful to know that I have a job and I'll be at a ballpark tonight, broadcasting games.
Damn they smoking mfs at espn
NBA, NFL, don't need to share their content with ESPN anymore to find audiences. And all that ad revenue can be theirs.
ESPN used to be on the tv 24/7 at the house.  Now I'll occasionally watch Around the Horn and PTI.  Maybe games if I like the announcers.
Hate to see anyone lose their job but Kanell leaving ESPN makes them better. He's about the only layoff that makes sense. He was bad.
There is something oddly satisfying about watching ESPN fall apart
Espn really fell off hard. When they became sports tmz it was the end for me. Sad to see so many people fired, that's a shame
What a sad day for ESPN
ESPN doesn't want journalism, it wants characters.
And niggas asked me why i aint want a job at espn.....heard the rumblings man smh.
i swear to god if ESPN releases Stephen A Smith ill stop watching
Lmfao no wonder big names leave ESPN...shit turned into a show to watch reporters do their own segments that have nothing to do with sports
Danny Kanell got let go also... I listened to Russillo &amp; Kanell every day. My favorite ESPN show. Sigh...
Rex Ryan out at ESPN yet?
ESPN layoffs? That's what happens when you go from reporting sports news to every analyst confessing their political opinions instead.
I'm kinda happy this is happening to ESPN. IMO they have become to political and should focus more on sports
It seems ESPN is laying off the true talents and not the people who overspent, made bad deals and made the channel unwatchable. #ESPNcuts
ESPN worldwide leader in sports - if those sports are basketball, college basketball, offseason football, or baseball
Kinda wish #espn would let the viewers vote for who gets the ax. My guess is that our list wouldn't be the same as theirs...
Tough day at ESPN. They have paid a lot for content and subscriber revenue is on the decline. Not a great situation to be in for anyone.
ESPN is struggling bc of Internet. These industries changed dramatically over the last decade (or 2) and it's not the fault of "politics"
ESPN is to sports what MTV is to music. Entertainment cloaked in sports...sad what it has turned into.
Man ESPN is firing everyone.
WELL IF ESPN HAS TO BE FIRST OKAY HOPE REST WILL FOLLOW CNN MSNBC FOX NYT WAPO ETC... ABC CBS NBC UNIVERSAL. ALL SUCK WITH PROPAGANDA. ENDIT
I feel bad 4 the Espn employees that got laid off if you never been laid off you might not know the feeling of trying 2 figure out what next
Watching espn go up in flames rn is making my day. I can only watch that channel if an actual game is being played.
Rough day for ESPN employees and reporters. Surprised their laying off so many talented people. Interesting to see where they go
Just in case anyone needs reminding that leftism ruins everything it touches: ESPN
There’s been a running list of ESPN Personalities getting the Ax…

Anybody got a list?
If ESPN doing this to the faces of the corporation I can only imagine what's going on with the people behind the scenes. Gosh,
Its the end of the ESPN Era as we know it
I feel bad for pretty much everyone ESPN fired except Kanell. That really sucks
Sucks to see all these ESPN people being fired. Wish them all the best.
Again, these ESPN layoffs are happening because they spent billions of dollars on broadcasting deals, losing money b/c of lower viewership.
Sad day for the families effected by the ESPN layoffs.
Espn’s crappy on-air talent is causing some of the greatest sports journalists to lose their jobs
Serious question, please RT for a wider sample:
What are YOU hoping to get from ESPN when you tune in?
Notice no one is denying #ESPN as lefty sports net. Disagreements are about how much it has to do with #ESPNLayoffs.
It'll be interesting to see what ESPN does for the 10 AM PT slot on radio.
Shocked that ESPN let Kanell go. Wow.
Idk any of the people they are laying off on espn
Will be a bit upset if ESPN lets go of any of the #FirstTake crew or any of the #LeBatard crew. The only 2 shows I watch in ESPN nowadays.
Because of the joke that ESPN has turned into, I have decided to retire the legendary ESPN Cam Twitter name.... #RIP
Rough day at #ESPN. Sorry for all the people losing their jobs. Hopefully you all will bounce back quickly.
ESPN may not be a thing for much longer
Screaming A Smith better dial it down he think he untouchable espn will get him outta here too
everyone at espn #TheyGone
If these ESPN layoffs mean new voices get heard in national hockey coverage from other outlets, then frankly that's a good thing.
At least Dana O'Neil got the ESPN boot
On #ESPN:
first, it's terrible that that many people are losing their jobs. What's worse is specifically WHO is losing their jobs
FS1 gone sign all these ex ESPN talents attitude era type stuff
Finebaum work for ESPN right?
ESPN is turning into CNN. Firing everyone who has knowledge in their field and replacing them with talking heads discussion nonsense.
These ESPN layoffs suck. Lots of talent out of a job hurts everyone.
Good thing ESPN is owned by Disney though if not their stock prices would be in the pits of hell.
ESPN out here doing some GOT red wedding shit with these layoffs man. Shiiiiiiiid
i only watch ESPN and sports talk shows now. i'm content with that.
BREAKING: In order to sign LaVar Ball to a max 1 Billion $ TV deal, ESPN had to lay off 100+ employees to clear CAP room.
ESPN is wacking fools like Saddam Hussein did in 1979 when he assumed power.

Saddam was wacking friends &amp; family members and he was crying
#espn #ESPNcuts sucks for all involved but you can do better than espn. I stopped watching when I got politics rather than sports highlights
Sad day for ESPN they are losing great talent. Lot of talent called it like it was they were unbiased.
If I'm any up-coming sports platform I would immediately bolster my NHL coverage with all these NHL ESPN guys. Take away their viewers.
ESPN is going to be firing over 100 employees and if none of them are Stephen A. Smith I'm gonna be pissed.
ESPN firing everybody I grew up watching and Kobe is retired now 😪 my childhood is officially gone
Stephen A Smith is teflon at ESPN.. So happy the channel is failing miserably but feel bad for anyone being laid off anywhere..mostly
Dang ESPN letting a lot of people go
A lot of good reporters being let go at ESPN today. But Stephen A Smith is still pulling down $3 mil to holler nonsense at us. Baffling.
The layoffs at ESPN are a signal to Wall Street that Disney is trying to cut costs and restore profit margins.
ESPN is bleeding subscribers &amp; money
ESPN bout to fire Stephen A Smith and hire LaVar Ball smh
This is why ESPN is losing subscribers. They are turning into a different network and are throwing politics into sports. Waste of air time.
I'm actually happy ESPN laid off hockey people, they can go to a network that actually gives a shit now
For shame, ESPN, for shame...
Maybe ESPN will lay off the announcers that still seem to think West Virginia and Virginia are the same state...
ESPN is fucking up today smh
I'd say ESPN needs competition but knowing the average viewer, that would create a race to the bottom.
ESPN laid off all these people but kept Jamele Smith? Might not be watching ESPN anymore 🤔
I KNEW people was gonna be mad they kept the 6 on ESPN, lmfao 

Aye get with the times tho, it's about Twitter and hot takes!
Good afternoon to everyone…except ESPN. #ESPNLayoffs
All these layoffs of great talent at ESPN but Stephen A Smith and Max Kellerman still have jobs with significantly higher salaries.
Espn been a shit show for about 5 years now if you haven't been paying attention. Keep it 💯 the past 4 years espn 2 been more lit than espn
ESPN is 🚮🚮🚮
Seeing all of the ESPN layoffs is making me sick. These are a bunch of great reporters/producers/personalities who I admire. Crazy business.
So the rumors at ESPN were true ...
ESPN going all in on their strategy of coverage of fantasy football, the NBA, and the guy at the bar with the worst opinions
Waiting on the full list of ESPN layoffs.... Not a coincidence so many ESPN Legends have been retiring or going to Fox.
As the fallout continues at #ESPN, my thoughts with those great people and journalists who took sports media to the next level. #ThankYou
ESPN's problem: Old people who paid $8/month for ESPN and never watched it are literally dying. Millennials are not replacing them.
ESPN brought out the big scissors ✂️ today. they cutting 100 folks g.
ESPN firing all these good reporters but gonna keep First Take with Stephen A Smiths dumbass
ESPN smoked mad journalists today
Maybe all the talent that ESPN is laying off can start up a new network, I mean it has to be better than FS1 right?
If you're mad about great writers at ESPN getting fired–remember that Stephen A. Smith is getting richer. Now try not to scream.
Sad to see these great writers/on-air talent being laid off by ESPN. C.L. Brown, Danny Kanell, Brett McMurphy, Dana O'Neil, Ed Werder. Man.
ESPN essentially fired everyone good that covers hockey...fuck ESPN.
It's real simple guys:
Social Media- Free &amp; breaks news quick

ESPN-pays a lot of money for there to be multiple ppl doing the same things
Used to watch espn all the time...for highlights. Now all I watch is live games...so sad #ESPNLayoffs
ESPN couldn't be more classless. Not even a mention of these layoffs on the TV or website
I'll feel bad for ESPN when they start focusing on sports. People watch ESPN to get away from politics. Losing subscribers for a reason.
Me being Canadian a who loves the NBA , I'm curious if a lot of American sports fans care that ESPN cut their hockey staff
Hate to see Espn having to lay off so many people but when you try to be too political, it will affect ratings. Regardless of R or L wing.
Reading the tweets that use #ESPNLayoffs is amusing. ESPN is either firing "pussy liberals" or "old white men." Reality? ESPN hates hockey.
The cord (high $ of cable) it's no surprise that ESPN is struggling. hate to see people lose their job but this won't solve ESPN's problem
Glad we could help ESPN with #content 😅
ESPN exec watches "The Red Wedding" episode

*picks up phone to call other exec*

"I have an idea..."

#ESPNLayoffs
I'm not rooting for anybody to lose their job, but somebody let me know if ESPN decides to not continue paying Darren Rovell all that money
News of these ESPN layoffs is terrible. Sorry for my sports-writer colleagues, including some good friends.
ESPN let go of anyone who isn't a sex offender.
ESPN is letting go so many good reporters/writers/broadcasters that will make their competitors very happy in the next couple of weeks
Between ESPN meltdown and Bill Nye going full Caligula Disney having a hell of a week ....
ESPN with the GMC lay offs.
getting rid of Danny Kannell means the only thing i have left to watch on ESPN is SVP at night
Cord cutting hurts ESPN, sure. Each subscriber lost is around $85-90 a year in essentially free money from subscriber fees.
Sad to read of all the news of the people, who have been laid off by ESPN. I have spent countless hours reading and hearing their work.
Need to locate the ESPN anchor, recapping the SA/MEM game highlights last night. "Nick nack patty wack, Patty Mills can ball." Amazing.
It's truley a sad day in sports business with all the layoffs in ESPN! #ESPNcuts
Man some crazy big names out at ESPN.
I'm confused how ESPN can do layoffs and not layoff Papi. That man is a joke
Dear #ESPN, U have 3-4 shows on in the afternnon that all tell the same stories w/ diff anchors. #SportsCenter is useless thanx 2 internet
Feel bad for people at ESPN fucking blows you work your entire life to accomplish the goal of working there and they fuck you
Anyway, that story means even more because of everything that is happening at ESPN today. These cuts are extensive and gut-wrenching.
ESPN + Sports = Success
ESPN + MSNBC + TMZ = Layoffs
ESPN so trash now it's sad
what is happening with ESPN?!
Could'nt care less if ESPN doesn't care about hockey. Other networks cover better. I just hope everyone laid off today quickly finds a job
#ESPN about to go downhill for awhile...glad i stopped watching like I used to....
So interested to check out these ESPN firings.
Well at least espn hasnt kicked anyone to the curb i like yet...
WAKE UP HEARD ABOUT ESPN ☀🌞☀😂😂😂😂😄😃😀😀😃😄😄😃😀
Damn. ESPN LAYS OFF 100 employees 🤦🏾‍♂️. Budget cuts like bih! #iveseenitall
Wow these ESPN layoffs are no joke
ESPN firing good journalist like ed werder and jemel hill and Micheal smith get to to keep making spoofs of step brothers and anchorman.
According to ESPN: Hockey doesn't exist
ESPN has fallen off so hard the past couple of years, world wide leader of sports? On what planet
ESPN must've wrote up a list of people to fire, and another list of people to keep, and somehow accidentally switched them #ESPNLayoffs
Always looked at #ESPN as a dream, but after watching all of these talented individuals get kicked away, gotta say I lost some respect.
I quit listening to ESPN Radio (Dallas) when Galloway and Company ended and then The Ben and Skin show left.
Two things ESPN should have done to avoid these cuts:

1) ala carte streaming
2) Put more content on ABC, like SVP
I am talkin about David Newton panthers beat reporter from ESPN
ESPN is a shit show LOL
ESPN is going thru what Vince went thru in the early 90's. They gonna be ok. FS1 gonna overpay like WCW and nobody will watch.
It's sad ESPN laying off people but the only sports they care about is football, basketball and barely baseball.
ESPN is becoming a joke
How is ESPN going to cut all of its best personalities like that
I also would like ESPN to still know that hockey is still a sport, and a very popular one. Disappointed, I always look for more NHL content.
If ESPN could fire Roger Goodell while they're at it, that would be great
ESPN laid off another 100 people?? Damn wtf going on over there...
I get the rights fees and ppl not really paying for cable issue but seems like ESPN is getting rid of the wrong talent in a lot of areas
Sucks for the good ESPN folks getting bad news today.  Silver lining us sports content has exploded as big tv markets shrink.  Opoortunities
Kinda hoping ESPN lays off Zach Lowe so he can go to Ringer. Bill and Lowe pods are the greatest
ESPN dropping the hammer today. Damn.
Not quite sure how ESPN has to lay off 100 real journalists but could somehow afford to offer Skip Bayless millions of dollars last year.
Best ESPN takes ones that ID core prob as collapse of biz model, but also pt out that turn towards hard-Left intolerance exacerbates issue.
I'm going out on a limb saying these firings to save money at ESPN have come due to viewers lost from NE bc the Deflategate witch hunts
"Let's have 47 different NFL 'experts' express their shitty opinion on the draft while nobody covers the Stanley Cup...brilliant!" -ESPN
ESPN is paying approx $7.3 BILLION/yr in rights fees: $1.9B NFL, $1.5B NBA, $1+B NCAA FB ($680 million for playoffs alone), $700 million MLB
It's a real bummer the obvious trend of the ESPN layoffs.  Getting rid of many solid writers/analysts in favor of the "ex-athlete analysts"
ESPN has made the fatal mistake of making SportsCenter something other than a strictly news/highlight show.
I always figured journalism was going to die. I just didn't expect ESPN would be holding the knife.
Biggest loser of 2017: Hilary Clinton or ESPN???
ESPN is falling apart.
Is it safe to say people like bleacher reports approach to sports better than espn?
Aw I feel so bad for everyone getting let go, damn ESPN.  *See's Kanell is let go and the other dude demoted* well maybe not everyone
ESPN has laid off a couple of big names today. What the heck is going on over there?
ESPN's biggest mistake was not televising Billiards Trick Shot Magic anymore. That was summer Sunday afternoon gold!
Now is the time to mock every fired ESPN person that EVER said something negative about my team. This will be fun.
I wish all these people tweeting about how they got fired from ESPN would tweet their true feelings. They would probably get a job quicker.
Am i wrong for thinking ESPN employees are just dealing withe reality most americans face in these times? I feel bad but thats how it be.
Can ESPN hire me for 10minutes and lay me off? I feel left out.
ESPN is the only thing I watch while I'm at work
ESPN turned into WWE so gradually I barely even noticed.
BTW - you know if you have cable you still pay for ESPN, right? 

Even if you don't watch it, you're still paying for it.
ESPN is cutting all the good reporters. What the fuck
ESPN kicked hockey in the teeth
ESPN has tried (and probably failed) to stay ahead of the curve. But would you rather have that, or have it stay stagnant for 20 years?
Sad to see many former newspaper colleagues who jumped to ESPN ahead of slump now out of work. Wish all the best. #stinkstobeletgo
ESPN lays off 100 on-air stars, writers
Smh at ESPN
I see a common trend in everyone being fired at ESPN...
so far only a couple names i've seen that are being laid off being by espn that made me say wow.
Funny how the whites mad that none of the people black at espn losing their jobs
why is ESPN getting rid of my favorite people 😧😩
ESPN hurting? Hey you can't CHARGE me for cable then COMMERCIAL me to death too!!?? #cordcutter
So ESPN fired the good people and kept the shit bags? Man oh man they really are trash
Fox Sports 1 my new channel. #ESPNLayoffs #espn
I'm boycotting ESPN, all of these lay offs are complete bullshit
Wow. ESPN really clearing out the office. Even Ed Werder?
Feeling for writers at ESPN who lost their job today.

But mostly feeling for the freelancers who were THIS CLOSE before the talent flood.
ESPN fired me and I don't even work there.
The "I don't watch SportsCenter bc of lack of hockey highlights" Crew is out IN FORCE today. #espn
these ESPN personalities handling this with such poise.  I can't say that I'd be the same.
I'm sorry but the people ESPN is laying off make more money than I'll ever see so forgive me if I could care less.
ESPN going way downhill with these firings
Real talk, Bleacher Report gotta come cable station, bet it'll top ESPN
Thoughts and best wishes to all those that lost their jobs at ESPN. Stay positive. Chins up.  Much respect for all of you. #espn #respect
The most comprehensive study to day came up with $36/Month as what ESPN Subscribers would have to pay if everyone who would dump it did.
ESPN cut their hockey reporters today..... it's the middle of the NHL playoffs.
ESPN tried to be political for the last two years and lots of people stopped tuning in.. They should of realized actual news channels exist
Feel for the people at ESPN. Most media vets have been through it in way or another. Never easy.
bring back espn zone but make it more like chuck e cheese with animatronic studio anchors and talking heads
Damn ESPN let go of some talented people.
Sad that some quality people at espn are losing their jobs, others needed to go and should have been let go awhile ago
The ESPN business model will have to change to becoming a production company contracted by teams/schools for their own networks.
One side of me, the optimist, hopes that ESPN is an outlier in the fact that it greatly values takes/talkshows more than good journalism.
Is it too much to ask ESPN to focus on sports?
The idea so many taking pleasure in folks getting fired at ESPN is pretty weird to me. I don't get you people
You claim to hate ESPN yet celebrate what is likely saving their existence
And I'm officially done with ESPN.
"Can't believe all these ESPN folks are getting shit canned!" This is a tra- :sees Danny Kanell got fired: "Folks we gotta hear both sides."
ESPN's brand started dying the second they honored Caitlyn Jenner as woman of the year. Not surprised by the layoffs at all.
If you think ESPN is laying people off because the network talks about politics slightly more than 0% of the time, you're an idiot.
Ok, so ESPN is just firing all their good reporters and keeping the terrible talking heads. V on brand.
So sad seeing some great people get laid off at ESPN. They should just band together and start their own network
So classic ESPN to get rid of everyone actually worth a damn
Anyone celebrating ESPN layoffs is gross. Sure the channel is garbage but people's careers are being destroyed today. Sad all around.
ESPN will never be the same...they do the most nowadays. I miss the ole days when it was just about sports..
So many hot takes on the ESPN layoffs are based on #AlternativeFacts, ignoring that people are cutting the cord &amp; tv rights are expensive
Reading the tweets from the ESPN staff that has been let go is very upsetting. I wish everyone the best moving forward.
ESPN laying off all their hockey people 😢😢😢
This espn shit really crazy
At least ESPN fired the good ones so we can stand to watch them somewhere else.
It's tough seeing good people go at #ESPN, but every #sport has it's own network now; not the time to be a #jackofalltrades #masterofnone
What the hell is happening at ESPN?? Why are all these journalists being fired 🙁
And ESPN's coverage of the 2014 NFL Draft was the breaking point for me. Aside from an occasional game, I quit watching a long time ago
It's actually disgusting that ESPN just gutted the majority of their NHL staff/crew.
Anxiously awaiting my ESPN termination.  Luckily I'm not in Bristol today.
idk I think it's possible to understand the industry ramifications of ESPN laying people off while also understanding the loss of other jobs
Man....ESPN is dropping the hammer on folks today. And big name folks too
Reaping was coming at some point for ESPN no matter what. It's coming more quickly than it had to b/c of their turn twds intolerant politics
