Ukraine can't enter nato while russian fight continues so there’s no incentive for russia to end the fight - bg tate said #17summit
#f1 #russiangp🇷🇺 🏆 #sochi🇷🇺 #russia🇷🇺
#ferrari #fastest in both #friday sessions

#p1
#raikkonen 🇫🇮
1:36.074

#p2
#vettel 🇩🇪
1:34.120
Queria ir pra russia só para escrever umas cartas e cantar
in 21th century russia we write letters
Don't be fooled, admitting he thought it wld be easier &amp; that he misses his pussy-grabbing life is a sympathy ploy to distract from #russia
#harrycometo russia
 #styleslearngeography
Russia supplies of 'blocking' of forces have to be 'likable'
Why are japan, china, russia, and usa all doing media things upon this fine morning all once
So that wraps up fp2 in russia
#russia has to choose either to allow #assad to take down #israeli jets attacking #syria or watch as israel tries to destroy the saa.
They've been 'investigating' the russia collusion (fake news) for nearly a year, without a shred of evidence to show for it. #frauds
Trump, you can go back to your old life, but the trump/russia collusion &amp; treason investigation will continue.
What country did I wake up in?
only 35% of gop thinks "improper contact w/russia" a major problem??
not a problem,
it's treason
omfg
Summer has come to russia 😭
it's so disgustingly hot outside, I feel sick
May usa,allied w/russia,crush china&amp;korea in war.may israel b nuked into glass sea for bombing torturing dominating people #expelgeneticjews
#israel knows that #russia is reluctant to allow #assad to down israeli jets but israel really wants to reverse #isis battlefield losses.
My view,what some of the ppl are missing! is that all this hacking by russia was done under the dems watch do why didn't they stop it
I still want to know whether trump colluded with russia.  where are you, fbi?
With any luck, russia will have secretly mass-produced hundreds of satan ii missiles, and they’ll be raining down on the usa very, very soon
You need china, russia, south korea, japan (at a minimum) to work north korea. I could go on but an articulate idiot will wreck the thought.
In soviet russia, books read you.
Russia blames the us and eu, turkey cites the need for a democratic government and hungary blames soros for the recent events in macedonia …
56% of republicans see russia as an ally. selling out the country for financial gain like never before.
People see it for the silencing tactic it is.   the left has become far too authoritarian and reminds me of soviet russia where the (4/7)
My view,what some of the ppl are missing! is that all this hacking by russia was done under the dems watch do why didn't they stop it
Russia removed his fingers from america’s ass.
Opinion: don't take russia's word on support for oil-production cuts
How come putin isn't concerned about this 'nuclear armed' mad man from north korea on his border? he controls him...sheep #russia #china
Dailybrze report #american #traitor #michaelflynn was warned by #authorities, 2014, not to take foreign government sourced money" [#russia]
4 of top 5 teams face each other today in 1st round of single-elimination playoffs. russia v china &amp; canada v scotland #highdrama #curling
Trump flees to russia  #maketodaybetterin4words
#breaking: senator richard burr would directly profit off sanctions being lifted on russia#burrmustrecuse #trumprussia #russiagate #resist …
Rt if u want maddow to cover this tonight:sen burr would directly profit off sanctions being lifted on russia#burrmustrecuse #trumprussia …
"when I look into all of your stupid faces, I think how fun it will be to pound them into dust."
-russia, hetalia: axis powers
Either #russia will allow syrian air defences to engage israeli jets or all her effort in #syria will end up a waste. hello vladimir putin.
Macedonia coup. russia says u see it is always allies that r overthrown showing west is harming elections, govts, not putin. see it now.
The most famous guys in the united states 🇺🇸 right now after russia 🇷🇺 and president trump is michael flynn!
So the wh plan to be sure they dodge this #russia investigation is to have war with korea cued up?
I think football in russia 
will not happen

no one like to go there
Here's a funny thought if trump resigned &amp; pence were impeached for russia ties paul ryan would become potus. careful what you wish for lol.
#sillyarguments hillary sold uranium to russia! #ignoranceisbliss
Republicans are mad that obama is making money from speeches, but were mostly silent on flynn getting $43k from russia for a "presentation."
The emolument’s clause could clobber michael flynn.he did not report $45k rec’d from russia. as a us general,he s/h gotten prior ok as well.
Inside russia?s fake news playbook
If you don't use those s-300, everybody will think they're useless and you will increase the risk of wwiii. #putin #syria #russia #israel
Is rosenstein handling the trump-russia investigation? please let him take down trump...he's friends w my boss who adores trump. yes pls
China &amp; russia colluding with n. korea &amp; iran. russia take europe, china takes asia &amp; iran take the middle east. n.korea take s. korea.  ???
If anyone asks i'm disowning being lithuanian and no longer hate russia ok bye #putinismyhomeboy #notreally #justtryingtomakeapoint
Was checking stats on my youtube channel. 2.8% of views is from russia  should I be concerned? #russianhacking #icantbeboughtbuticanberented
Fyi: #russia's #jehovahswitnesses ban not exclusively about #russianorthodoxchurch influence; it's also about fear of "foreign agents."
#maketodaybetterin4words russia investigation reveals treason
Russia is different. in any way. but its citizens are among the most generous I know.
" hey britain, france, canada.. let's all play a game with russia!!!"

   " I call it the domino theory!"  #alfredbot
For babylon's than russia's royal harlot
but to denounce the amphibious sort of harlot
#thatawkwardmoment when you've been watchin' russia today for 3 hours and thought it was fox news. #trumprussia
I have no ties to russia~trump(s), sessions, page, manafort, flynn, tillis, pence, ryan, mcconnell, nunes, chaffetz, miller
#sillyarguments
Michael flynn did not engage in sexual relations with russia. #grantimmunity #maga
"facebook data ‘does not contradict’ intelligence on russia meddling" by adrienne lafrance via technology | the atlantic …
#dearmrpresident tax cut?  donald, show us your taxes so we know how you and your family will benefit!  and we can figure out russia gate.
Chto proisxodit v otnosheniyax russia and gergia(gruzii)?
Dirty donnie supports russia who supports syria who used chemical weapons on civilians. dirty donnie=support of use of chemical weapons.
Just b/c russia meddled in their own &amp; america's elections to give putin &amp; trump win doesn't mean they'd tryit in france or some othernation
Just b/c russia meddled in their own &amp; america's elections to give putin &amp; trump win doesn't mean they'd tryit in france or some othernation
Just b/c russia meddled in their own &amp; america's elections to give putin &amp; trump win doesn't mean they'd tryit in france or some othernation
The gop's base supporting russia is why those in dc aren't doing much of anything; they're terrified of the monster they created.
I earned that 3 from the berlin wall incident u used me as a pawn💀 u told russia u have an e.t.💀💀
While being in jfk's administration and therefore also being linked to russia. 2 kevin costners linked to jfk's administration dealing with
The video of leonardo dicaprio recounting his plane ride to russia when the engine exploded deserves its own oscar.
Russia. russia and the u.s. space race and the u.s. versus cuba by way of russia giving cuba missiles that could have struck the east coast.
If the russia story is fake then why is it, when sessions recused, trump lost his 💩
if  was nothing 2 russia
why so bothered? #trumprussia
#putin: russia's 'defeat'
No matter what trump does or tweets out today remember him &amp; his administration is under investigation by fbi &amp; cia for ties to russia
Anyhow two kevin costner doppelgangers attached to 1960-1963 ish. both tied to jfk and both dealing with russia and cuba who had
53. my cute senior!! omg you're so fairrrrrrrrr!! I miss talking to you :( take care in russia hehehe
Republicans hated russia when they were communists but love russia now. why? republicans are oligarchs in training!
When jennifer goodnough says don't go splinting chernobyl because russia doesn't know where they buried their shit 😭
**clinton &amp; podesta for an investigation of their link to russia-which has been verified by there russian investments- podesta's employment
Most of the weapons they are using are made in the usa, via russia→cali→polt→twn→china→uzb→'rus→cna→jpn→beij笑!→半笑!'r'u!,s!,ma笑←'r'e!,ad,m
Victor goes back to russia but promises to visit yuuri once a month + when he gets assigned in japan he'll spend most of his time with him.
We watched russia gut herself in a mid east country, beat by goat herders with ak47 rifles, rpg's and american stingers. then  bush attacked
Russia/germany is the ultimate cat person/ dog person dichotomy
Tokyo(japan)23:00
london(uk)14:00
berlin(germany)15:00
moscow(russia)18:00
The reason there is an absence of russia - trump collusion stories is because russia is now colluding with the media to suppress them
Chto proisxodit v otnosheniyax russia and gergia(gruzii)?
Keep your eyes on the protests in russia's provinces
Most of the weapons they are using are made in the usa, via russia→cali→polt→twn→china→uzb→'rus→chn→jpn→beij笑!→半笑!'r'u!,s!,ma笑←'r'e!,ad,m
(russia) 10th-ranked trend: #russiangp
Kogda molodiojnay sbornay ( russia) naucit nashih igrati v footbol???
You know with trump's major,  major conflict with korea is a diversion!  he'll do anything to divert from russia story!  
#worstpotus
Jeff sessions on every damn channel turning questions about flynn's russia ties  into cheerleading for the stupid wall. #maga
Trump white house wants tv news talk this weekend to be korea not #russia. weapons of mass distraction. wag the dog.
Grande madre russia,atto iii:
cliente russo si rivolge a me in russo.
"sorry!i thought you were russian"
ok.
quest'anno,vacanze su mercurio.
The real problem with russia isn't the authoritarianism or messing with foreign elections, it's how the prepare their breakfasts (1/720)
Мне понравилось видео "hamilton wins the first f1 race in russia | 2014 russian grand prix"
If my presentation on miracle didn't get the boys goin then you're not american and love russia.
Now playing count basie - from russia with love on thepenthouse.fm
I would like to visit iran, china, russia, india, &amp; japan. that's my list at the moment. other places include the philippines &amp; galapagos.
To all my mutuals and non mutuals living in europe and russia please stay safe this blue whale challenge thing is horrific be careful please
Kasich: oh, I read the daily beast! ...
me: do russia probes have the resources? 
k: I haven't seen anything suggesting they don't!
me: -_-"
Chto proisxodit v otnosheniyax russia and gergia(gruzii)?
Gelfan: paradigm shift towards probabilistic hydrological forecasts in russia #hepex #egu2017
Spy planes tagged along as us air force f-35s flew near russia
The obsession of many dems with russia is preventing the media for fully discussing flynn's ties to erdogan - a more serious issue imo.
Guys, they r talking war, dt has to do this, first, to take our attention away from russia. and two, business stimulation!
Eugene kaspersky opens up about russia, hacking and the frontlines of cyberwar - international business times uk

rss news feed search: cyb…
#rollingacca bet 2.

ummc ekaterinburg 2th quarter win, russia, live.

157 eur returns 246 eur
State of fear: #putin's presidential offices to close tomorrow on eve of protests across #russia. official reason: construction. #enough
Valtteri bottas claims he will move over for mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton if circumstances demand during in russia.
Sipan hamo ypg main cmndr "we knew turkey was planing something, maybe usa&amp;russia knew about, our forces r ready at 100% to any attack"
Repeal/replace obamacare, russia, korea, flynn, wiretapped, nafta, ban, wall, coal jobs, environment, tax reform &amp; maga, all or gate lies.
"she kissed the god of russia and can now recount the tale."
Yaz genuinely thought russia was the capital of asia...
Eugene kaspersky opens up about russia, hacking and the frontlines of cyberwar - international business times uk

rss news feed search: cyb…
～の２倍の大きさ/広さ　twice the size as ～
 【例】ロシアの広さってアメリカの２倍かな？
 　is russia twice the size as the us?#eikaiwa #mep
I'd rather be in russia rn. I miss my relatives
#northkorea should never accept any negotiations because the are only accountable to #russia and   #china remember the korean war #sputnk
Russia openly owns nuclear weapons, north korea has also come out to own nuclear weapons but daddy america is threatening north korea only.
Ra ra rasputin
lover of the russian queen
there was a cat that really was gone
ra ra rasputin
russia's greatest love machine
*tillerson: u.s. will sanction those supporting north korea  - russia ?
Japan: fluff, fluff
russia meanwhile: elena has moved to buianova, evgenia might skate to korean animation music, perhaps not all averbukh 👀
Dt did not run despite ties to russia, he ran because of them: that's the crucial difference between a businessman &amp; a traitor. 
#morningjoe
#russia currently has 7,300 nuclear weapons.the #unitedstates has 7,100. together, these armaments comprise about 93% of all nuclear.
" whoops! sorry russia! I guess it's my fault your soviet union club collapsed!" :d  #alfredbot
"numerous ties to russia arent a dealbreaker and also north korea is the biggest threat we've ever seen"- people who grew up in the cold war
But back to russia...
Their voices need to be taken more seriously in russia. help as many ways as possible. if you have a question, ask me through dm.
Daily reminder: our administration wld rather plunge our country headfirst into wwiii than admit to treasonous ties w russia. #trumprussia
We should all remember that the dem poster boy, bill clinton, gave nk nuclear capability and hillary gave russia 20% of our uranium.
Thread: no more russian rule!

every day brings more reports of team trump’s collusion with russia. 1/
Who knows how many people realize that we are in another cold war. but not between usa and russia. this war is between usa and north korea
How syria and russia spun a chemical strike: video evidence shows that they distorted the facts after syria's sarin gas attack.
But lifes is different then a game u think americas aint tarrorist u think china dont kill for organs russia perfuming ur sodas
'first time' on itunes
#31 luxembourg
#35 belgium
#40 us
#40 russia
#43 united arab emirates
#60 thailand
#62 japan
Russia believes all kosovo politicians involved in war crimes must be held responsible regardless of their current posts.
Frozen piss just like in mother russia
Russia iran leaders elected those countries they all play devil advocate with usa and n korea using usa system of law for their arguments
Communism is as american as apple pie. russia didn't infect america. america infected russia. #nrx
I think russia began offering help as early as 2013 but obama essentially forbad it, preferred fukushima poison off pacific.
#nobodycouldhaveknown that people would care about why russia helped me win the election.
Russia can put a fascist in the white house &amp; we still can't make bread without crust?
So today someone from kaluga, kaluga (russia) is trying to hack into my apple account. wtf russia??!  can't you stop hacking us for one day?
Freedom of the press advocates, of course, will remain silent because it's russia.
Russia must know, just as paton wanted to turn troops on the ussr in ww2 so to will again if trump attack north korea w/nuclear weapons...
A childhood friend from russia messaged me on facebook today and i'm trying to impress her with my cool slang but it's failing
Trump lost in russia!!!!

#maketodaybetterinfourwords
Trump in russia fell apart.
We have missle systems on russia's western border in europe &amp; russia's eastern border in asia. iran &amp; north korea are means to an end.
Trump has been in 1 country in his first 100 days. 1 truth, 9 lies. guess.

china
russia
japan
mexico
usa
canada
wales
ireland
s. korea
laos
So sick of these fake polls w/leading ques abt what r greatest threat is.
its not n.korea,isis, iran, china,or russia
its leftists &amp;globalst
Let's pretend none of the collusion with russia exists, trump is just an absolute novice holding the world's most consequential office.
Liberals want to burn #russia to the ground b/c of #putin's human rights violations, but stay silent on #saudi violations of human rights.
In soviet russia, ed balls you !!! #edballsday
Hey, everyone. squid sister rift news is just a distraction to keep us from thinking about the russia investigation. stay focused!
Norway and north korea are separated by one country, russia
Those a-hole want a freaking war with n. korea! just to divert attention from trump and russia #deviantdogs
The most famous guys in the united states 🇺🇸 right now after russia 🇷🇺 and president trump is michael flynn!
We're going to st petersburg,hope to have a great fun  #trip #stpetersburg #russia
The most famous guy in the united states 🇺🇸 right now after russia 🇷🇺 and president trump is michael flynn!
56% of gop voters believe that russia is our ally. wtf is up with those toads? russia is our friend? what school you guys go to? none?
Belarus must be so grateful it has russia to invade it under the comical myth of a western threat.
Gop russia conspirators jailed #maketodaybetterin4words
As criminality and immorality of russia's mafia capitalism is ever more fascist,its use and abuse of soviet may 9 victory grows more obscene
It's not hard to believe considering that russia promised it would do something once montenegro joins nato.
Just cuz donald trump didn't get his way and he has to take his anger out on russia the fuck great now we might get bombed thanks...
The year is 2024. washington is in shambles. france is part of russia. i'm still hamilton trash.
That is a problem. and we have a sec of state who wants sanctions in russia lifted so his oil company can make more $$$. that is a problem.
It's a dead giveaway considering that russia promised it would do something once montenegro joins nato.
Don't download this blue whale bullshit, the guy who started it is being charged in russia with talking people into committing suicide.
Right now lukashenko is trying figure out how to get russia out without pissing putin off.
Flyn / russia news gets media &amp; public attention - trump distracts with provocative statement about n korea - same game -
Dear sdf,

unless you're asking for a nfz from russia, it's simply not happening.
Mixed fortunes for u.s. trade in russia tops young rich musicians list: adele's £85m fortune earns her top place
Motor racing-formula one gp russia 2nd free practice session
#dyk: engagement rings are worn on different fingers. in germany, russia, and india, the engagement ring is on the right hand.
The cia had an $11 mil project implanting microphones in cats with plans to deploy the cats in russia. drudge reports the first cat was...
Liar admits truth, the lid, "adam schiff (d-hack) acknowledges still no evidence of russia-trump collusion" school yard bully
The adriatic sea

with montenegro nato accession today, serbia/russia can no longer have access to the adriatic sea, far too strategic
Father god save our country from russia, korea, islamists in the u.s.a. &amp; idiotic liberals. in jesus name, I pray, thank you it's done.
French authorities investigating #fifa world cup bids by russia and qatar. one country I wouldn't trust and another who's bid is ridiculous.
North korea imports all its oil needs, mostly from china and a much smaller amount from russia. #reuters
Thank you to our new friends from express-orto ooo in moscow, russia for attending our workshop on orthotic stance control fabrication!
Did trump start his aggressive talk abou n. korea and russia to divert public attention away from the fbi and congressional investigations?
Because media,academics,celebs are fascists, expect that within 20 years we will become like russia: a pretend democracy no longer free..5/5
Fuck chechnya russia honestly, how dare you you fucking cunts. go and fuck yourself. my heart is hurting even more now.
3/given the number of people in the trump org with ties to russia it doesn't seem possible that putin could have installed all of them.
The us is installing anti-ballistic missile defence systems around the world in preparation for a nuke attack on russia or china, one of vl…
But, the tabling of the agreement with russia is unlawful and unconstitutional not agreement itself #nucleardeal
Africanbproduct icegov -fuck urself with a blender -
i love america
deport this administration - to russia #impeach45

— rosie (rosie) apri…
Campaign and russia. now sessions has also decided he has to opt out of a related matter. attorney general jeff sessions said friday that
Thr: afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanista…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan mas…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan mas…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan mas…
Jokes with the ex-national security advisor. sessions, too, has been tied to russia: the attorney general recused himself from the justice
To bring child sex slavery back to the uk and france, turkey antagonizes russia, and we pay.
Russia’s ambassador to the u.s. during the campaign even though he had testified during his senate confirmation hearing that he had not
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan mas…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan…
Watching formula 1 practice #1 from sochi, russia on nbc sports live extra. #f1onnbc #russiangp #f1
3novices:afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghan…
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan mas…
Would hire sessions to begin with. sessions isn’t investigating trump–russia. devin nunes has stepped aside at the house intelligence
The agreement with russia is not of routine nature and thus minister irrational in tabling it without approval from parliament #nucleardeal
Russia is not the wealthiest country but they sure as shit are physically enormous and have a megaton of weapons
It started in russia and has carried in recently and is slowly starting gi spread in the usa and the u.k. russian police are investigating
"three types of humans assist russia - useful idiots, fellow travelers and agent provocateurs."
clint watts
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan mas…
#berkeleyantifa on #timpool livestream: "#russia and #china had to purge millions to institute #communism and so do we"
#liberals #altright
To be clear, "trump-russia" contacts is shorthand for "contacts between trump campaign associates and russian operatives" in the poll.
Renault's avtovaz boosted by russia rebound
"... of building the different russia they hoped might one day emerge and overcome all the lying."
Declassified docs show cia tried to spy on soviet russia using cat spooks implanted with hidden microphones .
I like when my professor casually implies we are watching a second watergate happen with trump and russia, with no evidence. 🙃🙃
Cnn poll: 55% of white non-college grads say it would be a crisis or major problem if trump associates had improper contacts with russia.
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1 week after afghanistan mas…
Im glad I don't live in russia I couldn't imagine the pain without ariana everyday
2. or germany. or the middle east. my ancestors are from russia, the baltic states &amp; northern europe. I don't know how to feel about this.
"in his youth when he was preparing in russia for his life's work in the west, "the technique of propaganda and the approach to the masses".
Someone from russia tried to hack my insta last night lol not today putin get back
65% of self-described moderates say it would be a crisis/major problem if trump orbit had improper contacts w/ russia. 40% of conservatives.
Ad 1700: the great nordic war confronts sweden with denmark, poland and russia
New 'cold' war? russia touts arctic military base, as us struggles to catch up |  what has  happened to us?
Who will get pole position for the russian gp. #f1 
#russiangp #qualifying #pole #f1 #russia #vettel #hamilton #other
Us...fbi...google cooked the books on me
nsa..cooked the books on me
nasa cooked the books on me:russia
russia blew up space shuddle alantis
Imagine dragons: thunder
the whole world: thunder 
russia: panda panda
#imaginedragons #thunder
In russia, coffee drink you.
Did russia tell trump to hire flynn? -- did russia tell trump to fire flynn?
I bet russia's housing project is completed sooner without any obstructions from mickey &amp; minnie.
So did we all just look past the fact that russia literally has gay concentration camps or
Wsj contributor seib must be pandering comrade for russia!  I lived it bud russia using cuba as satellite for their bombs he had to rid them
#eurotour: lw kirill kaprizov (min) had 2g &amp; 2a, and c mikhail vorobyov (phi) added 1g &amp; 2a as russia's b team routed norway 8-2.
Brietbart after the nukes hit: "what terrible secret in clinton's emails did russia/china/dprk nuke us to conceal?"
Entrypageviews
united states
293
united kingdom
6
thailand
4
canada
3
germany
3
france
3
spain
2
nigeria
2
russia
2
turkey
2

2/3
Hillary says the kgb is after her. but they haven't existed for over 30 years. the communist party in russia receives 14% of the vote.
Trump: give huge tax to corrupted billionaires. gut medicare and let people die.

corporate democrats: russia, russia, russia
Human #world is sleeping. #estland #eesti was destroyed by zionism-jew-nkvd #eu keep same lies. but our #grandfathers won #russia &amp; #germany
Lw yegor korshkov (tor) also chipped in a goal and lhd yegor rykov (njd) added 2a for russia, which plays slovenia on saturday at 10am et
Til the man who wrote "god bless america" also wrote "white christmas" and was born in russia #todayilearned #til
Tokyo(japan)0:00
london(uk)15:00
berlin(germany)16:00
moscow(russia)19:00
Anywaayyy syria, north korea, russia,china etc... when you shoot.. don't miss eh 😂😂😂😂
Just a thought, if putin/trump can make us voters think russia is our friend, it can control our economy, govt, &amp; society. sovereignty?
Afghanistan's people celebrate nation's 25th birthday, victory over russia - taliban announce spring offensive 1…
According to u.s. estimates, china has without transforming itself into an idea that if russia does only partner with them. it's a fact.
Russia opposition leader alexei navalny attacked with "brilliant green" dye
When a cashier in the us smiles at you :
oh he's nice 
when a cashier in russia smiles at you :
omg hes flirting
#americaninrussia
The u.s military needs russia and china for funding, creating fake threats, so the military industrial complex can live on.
Did you know that president trump is confronting russia about the sewer?
We have solid evidence that donald trump colluded with russia yet our congress lets him continue to run the country!!mind blowing
The indipendent - mercedes braced for a weekend of damage limitation as ferrari signal they could be difficult to stop in russia …
Russia condemns "reckless muscle flexing" in and near the korean peninsula. #unsc
#russia: we are united in condemning in #dprk missile activity; but they won't give up if they feel threatened by us navy
Russia has strong and stable leadership.
#russia is in violation of the law for allowing this plague
Russia also condemns the destabilization steps by usa in the korean peninsula. #unsc
He repeatedly denied miguel jesus, potro, and java ii, in which he formally threatened western-style political contacts with russia.
Just like when they put defense systems in europe near russia, for the iranian "threat"
At #unsc meeting #russia bemoans dangers of "muscle-flexing" between u.s. &amp; dprk. good point, but really, coming from russia that's rich!
#russia: sanctions shouldn't be used to economically suffocate #dprk &amp; they seriously deteriorate living conditions there
Russia says it support sanctions on north korea. but sanctions against russia by us and eu is bad? lol hypocrites!
#trump is impotent - #thewall, #obamacare, #isis , #china , #russia, #nafta
Wasn’t enough with the mess in middle east &amp; ukraine (russia’s doorstep), mic &amp; folks are now going to break the balls at china’s doorstep.
Russia: dealing with dprk through sanctions and pressure on pyongyang not a solution alone
Russia: sanctions should neither be used to suffocate dprk nor should they be used to worsen the humanitarian situation in dprk
#russia's gatilov: whole world seriously wondering if there's going to be a war or not. #dprk
A young man told me bs can't be an accidental useful idiot for russia cuz he donated 4% of his income to charity. I weep for the stupidity.
#russia deputy fm on #dprk: the whole world is seriously wondering if there is going to be a war or not.
#unsc #northkorea
#russia's gatilov: one ill thought out or misinterpreted step could lead to most frightening and lamentable consequences. #dprk
How likely is it that trump aides had improper russia contacts?
extremely 25%
very 20%
somewhat 27%
not too likely 16%
not at all 11%
(cnn)
Price, who has one of russia's sole liberal opponents -- is being continued by organizing his plan to fix a downturn in a region.
#dyk: engagement rings are worn on different fingers. in germany, russia, and india, the engagement ring is on the right hand.
The option to use military force in korea is totally unacceptable says russia. #unsc
Ppl freaking out about the #fyrefestivalfraud but the real fraud is in the white house

let me tell you about russia
First time tengok cerita russia
Yesterday, facebook released a report saying that, yes, it appears russia was running an information operation re: 2016 election.
#russia: convinced there is no alternative to peaceful settlement to nuke situation in #dprk; chinese proposal in same vein
#russia: even poor peace is better than a good row; resolve all issues thru political and diplomatic means. thank you.
I'm still shook that russia is banned this year.. the ukraine fucking did that 😂
Bank of russia lowers key rate to 9.25% in second cut this year
Why the fuck are the gop so bla·sé about someone they said they vetted being deeply involved with russia?
#russia: "even poor peace is better than a good row." another memorable phrase courtesy of the #dprk #unsc briefing.
Russia said china's "suspension for suspension" proposal merits strong consideration at #unsc special session
Russia says the chinese suggestion on "suspension for suspension" is an opening. well, north korea accept it but usa only opposes it. #unsc
I will probably start to learn some other language this fall.
just can't decide between italy and russia 😂 (ww problems right here)
In russia, queue waits for you.
The language is a bit hard to parse but apparently, 1/10th of 1% was the total impact/reach of russia's operation.
Problem of un sec. council on display: countries repeat known positions, talk past each other, no sign us/uk moving closer to russia/china
Hurry up #russia
All I talk about when i'm drunk is communist russia
So keep this figure in mind when someone claims russia stole the election on facebook: 0.1%.
Trump's 100 days accomplishment? we like russia now, and we are not friends with canada and mexico. wow.
Tokyo(japan)1:00
london(uk)16:00
berlin(germany)17:00
moscow(russia)20:00
