omg i love making memes but they are so cringy i can't tell anyone in real just via internet hahah
Sometimes I see memes on IG and wonder why the hell the meme look so dirty. Like the text has a "white" background but it looks dingy
scrolling through a 100 memes just to find out they're ugly is the worstttt
John Cena memes are the best 😂..too bad he is never in them 😢
Memes please?
From the 700 pictures that I have is 500 bts memes and the others are: "bts, snapchat screenshots, only 10 pics of myself and some memes.."
I fell bad for non filmmakers cause they will never understand how funny the movie sets memes page is
And the pic always look like it was taken with a damn Motorola Razr. Why y'all memes dirty, fam?
dank memes has become my only source of happiness
U done scrolled thru 200 trash memes for a selfie and she ugly just block her
hotaru tomoe should fuse with the Witch of Memes to make makoto kino
a day without memes, is a day wasted
#ESPN cares about memes more than news. That's why qualified journalists are losing their jobs and outrageous personalities are staying.
Facebook includes my shitposting of self deprecating memes and constantly tagging Aaron in cat videos
16 &amp; Pregnant ( with memes)
Salad memes are a thing?
My Art History professor just told us to imagine the memes artists in the 60s would have made if they'd had access to Photoshop.
Managed to laugh at these memes while I was crying
The only way to my heart is memes #BucketSquad
My Art History professor just told us to imagine the memes Pop Art painters would have made if they'd had access to Photoshop.
love all these mandarin memes
so i'm like two weeks behind in sweet memes what's going on is there a wendy's fandom now

i need someone to fill me in
I need to stop laughing at dank memes in public
sometimes i see ppl comment on facebook memes so much i want to tag them in stuff that reminds me of them but we... arent... even... friends
will the memes never end
We can all hide depression through memes😇
What are 'memes'?
Not the ones that post memes every once in awhile but everyday damn bitch get ur own feelings
no vi doctor who E IGUAL ME RÍO CON SUS MEMES
some asshole keeps shouting ancient memes when we start to timejump but no one will own up to it
i legitimately do not know enough about harry potter to know if this is how to do these memes
welcome to my monthly tweet, "jack rates the current memes"
anime wendy: cute and good
bone hurting juice: good but will prob be bad soon
if i scroll thru 200 trash memes for a selfie and u ugly im reporting u
no it would need to be in digital format so i can turn the memes into a hologram
Please send me all the snek memes I think I have seen all of them and they are me. Kthx
Will be inactive for awhile. Expect more memes when I get back hahahaha im not sure if I will be able to go online lels
Again wrong use of memes
Load all your persona 5 memes into a bazooka and launch them at my dumb ass face please
Death by memes
passing notes in class has advanced to tweeting memes to each other in class
I need more sponge bob memes
S!N just understood the meaning of 'same' he's just a step away from dank memes now
I'm not even surprised there are already memes about John Terry's mum😫
twitter full of people's cry for the need of more attention, love and food but i want the memes man the memes
*Instagram goes down*
Me: BUT WHERE WILL I GET MY MEMES
See i'm telling u i either make things into memes or into angst no in between
its all abt the memes
Political parties wanna be like tickle me pink petunias gonna greenyellow memes is ugly could be a good rap ! #birdmemes
*drops a box filled with memes*
OH NO, MY MEMES!!!
*quickly picks up memes and put them back in the box*
When you watch your man ignore all the memes and ig tags you've sent him .
Post a slide show of my greatest memes at my funeral
I have the weirdest memes in my phone LOL.
Professor: wow you understand a lot of Marxist concepts.
Me: thanks, I learned a lot from memes
Should I make a meme twitter account? I got some juicy memes just eating to be shared.
i mean yeah memes are meant to be shared but 🤔
exo showtime provided us with so many excellent memes a truly bountiful harvest i hope season 2 is just the same if not better :')
Literally memes are the only thing keeping me alive at this period in my life.
My camera roll is full of pics of my girl and my little brother lol..
I have no memes whatsoever
tweeting memes before my midterm softens the blow i'm about to take
Respectful memes theraputuc session
Being on a podcast sounds fun
i'll start a podcast about memes
never underestimate the power of memes
I just got a whole new fresh batch of sponge bob memes 😎
I tag my dad in memes on Facebook what a world we live in
Respectful memes therapeutic session
exo stan as well love ur tweets (really!!)  i do saved a loott of memes glad u like it hahahaha
IF ALL SHE DO IS SHARE MEMES &amp; STAY HOME, WIFE HER MY NIGGA 🤙🏽💍
I see a lot of this happening... if you use a piece of art for memes or what not credit the owner. Doesn't matter what it's, credit!😖
We're putting my cat down today 
And I need memes to cope since I don't know how to handle my emotions properly.
All these political memes on my timeline are mostly people trying to convince themselves of some truth they want to believe
can someone send me memes? and no, not my face, yung memes that doesnt include me.
My creative writing prof is literally having me make memes as an assignment
bcs i usually just shitposting at fb like memes and cooking vids
He gonna smack anyone who says he isn't so you better say he is memes
Hey gonna be slightly late to today's stream my b I looked at too many memes
Don't come and tell me the old memes are dead because they are hiding under your bed and will kill you if you
I know like 3 people who I'v hardly ever talked to who I know I'd be best friends with based off the memes we post and the humor behind it.
EVERYONE IN THIS CLASS ARE BLATANT MEMES I SUDDENLY G2 G
"ina garten memes" is now officially a google search that I have made and that there will always be record of
Most people who post memes about their anxiety have never stayed home because youre worried about what's going to make you cry for no reason
Remember when memes were just a picture with big letters... how it's evolved is crazy
knowing that my relationship with Bridgette is solely based upon Starbucks memes makes me happy ☕️🤠
All the shrek memes came back into my head lmao
by any memes necessary
Pls vote for my memes
the people you share memes with are the ones you hold close to your heart
My #wcw can't fathom a life without memes.
LMAOOO that's such a good point😭 I love memes
memes that i want to stop cartels in our communities
5% of memes helped food service workers
*looks up memes*
*audibly laughs in the middle of the library* 
I promise I'm normal fam
Has gaming forgone fat memes too far?
I've seen all the memes.
My Dad just found out what memes and GIFs are and keeps sending them to me. It's truly amazing #DadLife #Blessed
Screaming laughing in the break room because of Memes. Hope your days are well
I swear shannon has no other life/friends other than me, all she does is sit and tag me in memes all day 🙃 wouldn't think she was at uni
the wendys art on twitter proves that it really doesnt take much for capitalism to look friendly under the guise of hip memes
I'm only watching the Call of Duty lifestream for the inevitable memes.
Today at work I am emailing the guys on the other side of my cube wall all sorts of memes. This is how productive I am today.
Мне понравилось видео "ULTIMATE Shooting Stars Meme Compilation! (BEST Shooting Star Dank Memes 2017)"
Fake Taxi memes are my 2017 highlight
It's only when Henry likes all the comments that I realise how many memes I tag him in
#healthy #memes #me
Send me memes because why not
last night i sent my roommates 3 memes, none of them responded and they were all awake when i came home
I don't need a gf I love memes
Funny when people post up memes with bad spelling. Like, can't you read.
sad little boy memes #meme
A little less memes and a lot more books
I come on twitter to DM someone for my twitch GFX and get caught up in history memes...
i think at this point , i could literally make a compilation of memes about me ahahhaa
I used to Organized #mentalhealth Events on MW. We partied, iced, killed, told stories,contests, memes, prizes, listened, played tunes. Fun!
And by random I mean I was watching a Italian Dark Souls SFM series and contemplating how international memes are.
The content on twitter ranges from borderline fatally ignorant rants, to the highest grade memes and roasts available to mankind. Love/hate
no more spotify playlist memes....... please.....
why is my wifi so bad i just wanna watch memes without them buffering ffs!!!!
Thank you for treating me like you all recycle 3 year-old memes for a full video lmfao.
Many voted for Trump bc they were against big corporate power. Like so many false memes skewing the past election, this was another whopper.
All this #science is hurting muh brain! Taking a break for a bit to create some dank memes. Hey, catch you later.
haven't played much AA but turnabout goodbyes was such a fucked up case. it had So Many Layers &amp; playing it felt like those conspiracy memes
OverWatch Esports &amp; Memes #swissmade #successful #watchfam
I love Marvel memes that include RDJ arguing with another superhero. Remember his Civil War memes with Steve? Now with Peter. Lmao
The memes my boy sends me 😂😂😂
English class so memes
Heard a message this morning about "means of grace." I thought he was saying "memes of grace," and got a completely different message.
if we texting and i'm sending memes and u not sending any back, why is we even talking??? i deserve better
when you've got more memes on your phone than selfies, you know you're doing something right.
Respecting Women memes but it's Lowain and Katalina
Can't wait for the "authenticity" memes when the supply drops come out with hot pink camos
No memes for a month ? Ofcourse the people of Kashmir want freedom. #KashmirBan
Seriously, kid. Shouldn't you be listening to gangsta rap and annoying your friends with nonstop memes in a group chat or something? LOL
I'm Megans family I became known as the friend who makes memes of their dad and that was probably my greatest accomplishment of the year
mad trendy memes #lotsofwords
my facebook feed is all food and memes
stop putting outside memes!!!
Someone spliced all of the idubbz memes together and it came out as
"I have crippling osteo-gay" wtf
i really hate this season because people post shitty memes around the school. they are everywhere. you cannot get away.
You know it's time to start the husband hunt when you're running out of friends to send memes about being single to 😑
Mathematical Memes for Logarithmically Scaled Teens is my new all time favourite fb page
me and april find the most offensive memes funny af
The fake taxi memes actually have me in tears
i love sending my mom mother related memes. if anyone sees a good mom meme hmu
i really hate this season because people post shitty memes around the school. they are everywhere. you cannot get away.
#IwasOffered10BillionFor making memes
"WHY ARE THESE SALAD MEMES MAKING ME CRY-"
she is the middle aged woman from those memes
engg memes:

99% engg is hard i wont show any actual topic tho just trust us we're engineers memes

1% (room for redemption)
Hi! I'm NotTotinos, freakin' eat just way too many of our bleachy  MEMES!
I can now relate to dog memes. I'm a happy gal ☺️
I am the Hyojin of bad memes
People probably think I'm crazy. 
Currently in line at the bank laughing at the funny memes on my phone.
all the hello darkness my old friend memes are so 👌🏼💯😂
My memes have been better lately guys
kid getting on the bus;

"y'all got any fresh memes?"
Hey kid want some *looks around nervously* farming memes?
people who resort to memes instead of admitting they've been a bit foolish tho 🚮
me on the social medias
Fb:articulate feels 
Twitter: memes, depression shitposting
Insta: curated pics + super intense emotional captions
These United memes are weak af
What are memes?(•ิ_•ิ)? They look fun but I don't get them!
D.va memes were cringey the day they were created.
Mask off isn't even one of futures better songs. Memes dictate popularity now
Bring back crying Jordan memes
"That fuck shit" memes get me all the time.
The dude in my class that I low key hate asked me if I liked memes, and his meme game is so fucking weak. I'm not even surprised.
Those memes of you tubers as the ""opposite gender"" make me want immediate death
Wow COD trailer sucked. Will it become the most disliked video of all time? Will we get memes lads?
We really sending each other memes 😭
Someone buy me pizza and ill send you some spicy memes?
I like to start my morning off by sending memes to some friends.
"OKAY, I'M DONE WITH THE SALAD MEMES-"

". . . FOR NOW-"
currently putting on hoodfilters on memes at work
Today was a good day for memes
actually i have a few pics up rn and not so many memes
hiatus has been changed to semi-hiatus because I need somewhere to post memes
sorry i just really enjoy wholesome memes
I dunno how to respond to compliments and idk how to respond to insults

so like,

the majority of convos I have are through memes
These Social Media Memes Be Having Y'all Women Minds Fucked All The Way Up 🤦🏽‍♂️
"Studying" for me has just become making memes in Swedish
i wonder what these playlists from these spotify playlist memes sound like though, are they good? do they suck? like what's up
Hey comedians, maybe stop referring to people sharing memes as being "on the bandwagon"? Literally the purpose of memes is to re-share them.
#hashtag #small #twitter #Account #Autism #everywhere #stream #cancer #kekistan #politics #SignalBoost #attention #LePen #wins #funny #Memes
sorry i just really enjoy wholesome memes
Hi, I'm a high paid business consultant. I see you've named your business "Dale's Paint Supplies" but what if it was named "Best Dog Memes"
tryin not to laugh at memes on a conference call :-)
4 papers &amp; 9 days are all that stands between me and my masters degree. Encouragement and memes are greatly appreciated in this trying time.
I was once referred to as "daddy meme king" I've since retired all memes are normie memes now and it makes me really sad
What i like the most about memes is that you dont have to actually understand it to enjoy it
I create the funniest biology memes on all my biology tests. My teacher said it should be my profession.
memes &lt;-- thanks------no thanks--&gt; responsibilities
I'm listening to this doc talking to a patient &amp; he said he's only friends with the supervising physician because they share memes together
I wouldn't be surprised if there is a college course devoted to memes at some random university
My nose always runs at work bc I'm scrollin through memes &amp; in an effort to be quiet my laugh is more of a wind blow from the nose. Ya know?
Woody just memes about the TL
is luke really angry or does he just enjoy embroidery memes
18. Boiiii all we ever do is share comic book memes and talk about movies and just hang at sek 2 whenever I drop by shah alam. Don't stop
and i ended up scrolling his memes for 30 mins
My work day consists of me sending memes to my coworkers and helping the clients occasionally.
I don't even speak to my brother anymore we just communicate via sending each other memes
prepare for the memes guys, im calling it, May Meme: Call of duty: Cardio War, Heavy Nose Breathing
LIKE i literally read exo memes and i dont understand any of it but i laughed
#CodWW2 steam is legit like if the NASL sound guy actually got offended at the memes , went back to sound school and took it too far.
Ugh I keep retweeting things thinking Im not on RR Latin I apologize for the non profesh posts we promise of Latin memes and non latin memes
tbh the best thing i got from studying in ICA is probably that i can understand chinese memes
Can someone put that duck in the memes calendar already
My testes will be in actuality crazy and I send a literal bag of dicks to Minions memes from your aunt on Facebook.
making new friends is hard, like how am I supposed to know when to bring in the existentialism and memes?
Don't talk to me or my memes ever again
And the thing is sometimes your friends just dont get it because they dont used to reading memes :-(
i wish to know of no more memes
without memes, i will die
NAMBUBULABOG NANAMAN AKO SA DM AMPOTEK MEMES PA IHK
The power of memes will save Western civilization
Been spamming my mom all day with memes and annoying messages.
These little memes and quotes are getting ridiculous
I wanna work w people who are aware about what's going on in the world and not people who show me memes from two years ago 😒
Memes = Dreams
it really irks me when I see memes with grammatical errors lol
Sick of hearing about Lebron/Westbrook, Internet memes and the awful live bands they have on. I need more hockey.
i havent been on fb for over 24hrs so when i logged back on my newsfeed was just really funny memes which was a blessing
i literally spend all my life looking at memes, is this why i'm single
making spicy memes and roasting cucks makes you alt-right.
me: *creating a serious last presentation that i will be graded on*
also me: *finds memes to put in presentation*
NEED THAT one of the funniest memes on this app
I love how as soon as El Classico was over, all the memes start pouring in 😂
jahzeer makes my asshole clench when he refers to memes as "maymays".
a friend of mine told me about a boy she liked and one of her talking points was: "i found out that he likes memes".
respecting women memes was exactly how I tried to portray morgana when we rped.
there's something really weird about my mom showing me memes that haven't been relevant for at least 3 years..
ALL I CAN RESULT TO IS MEMES RN BC I HAVE NO WORDS BUT IM BASICALLY JUST YALLS MEME PROVIDER ATM.
Lmao I can't deal with these memes😂😂💀💀goodnight 💤😚.
she said that sentence out loud in public in a restaurant and i wondered if people overheard her and said "wtf memes" to themselves.
Pon and Zi = relatable emo memes, please bring them back.
there are so many memes now i can't keep up.
Bitch tried to make my friend look bad smh , I destroyed her with my memes.
Got nervous so I started sending shitty memes again.
Can't beat me with my memes 🤷‍♂️.
Born just in time to look at memes.
i love covering up my feelings w/ memes + vines.
I did not do it good job who ever memes is.
Procrastinating by looking at memes? Instead, go try out a SimuCase! #noprocrastinationhere #goodadvice #slp2b.
Listen: Hugh Mungus memes still on the downfall, don't sell yet!.
need some1 to appreciate my memes as well as my beauty when i have my retainer on.
All I've been doing with my free time is watching 4chan memes thanks to Davis..
Hi, I'm a high paid business consultant. I see you've named your business "Dale's Paint Supplies" but what if it was named "Best Dog Memes".
I had just realized that i can communicate only with faustão memes, nice to now that i don't need write no more.
"It's never to late to get into memes." -Wise words of Jacob Halverson..
i'm glad that caroline appreciates my memes.
My brother only posts memes in spanish and it has made me realize I am super lazy for only knowing one language decently well. :P.
Setting ourselves up for "blew 3-1 lead" memes.
Anthony just made a song about Memes..
send me memes to let me know it's real.
I scream about memes in my dreams about cream while I seem...suspicious. I'm sorry, I can't rhyme..
Do it for the memes.
That feel when they say "yeah of course I know what memes are," but are thinking of motivational posters..
What is life without dank memes.
i wish i was smart in my education but instead im good at memes 😩.
I just sent my friend memes bc she is sad and that's  how I comfort people....
Man should like your GAY INTERNET MEMES I got 'em fucking pissed off face &gt;:( I don't have you spulttered?.
Y'all you should legit send me memes because I'll love you forever.
Their laughter carried into the dark as they tagged each other in memes. Without her roommate, who else was she going to laugh at 3am with?.
tell me why I am retweeting a bunch of history memes.
I'm done sending memes to ungrateful people.
Lmao they memes be funny asf though Oml.
Like cute dorks and memes? Join volleymemes.
The amount of off the wall memes that get sent to my phone daily &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 🤣🤣🤣.
Tweet me memes/funny pics in a shit mood.
I love sending Alex memes that remind me of keef.
I think it's great that I spent my tutor group time collecting memes.
this guy i'm at the rockies game with is looking at memes in his free time.
Follow my Instagram 'freedomresurged' for some dank memes.
Old meek mill tweets giving me life. Drake really got dude out the paint with a buncha memes.
I yell memes when I play Outlast bc it makes me feel less scared.
Honestly with these AP tests coming next week the only thing I'm ready for are the memes that come after it.
Memes really make my day 🤣! #Gratitude.
Too many memes !.
Stop using black memes as jokes if you're not black.
If wen goes to gray ima call him grays anatomy and spam with anatomy memes and puns the whole time.
I just had memes mansplained to me.
I like the comments as much as the memes lol.
need a girl I can send memes to.
Whoa whoa whoa. 
So much for the rally NSH. 
TIE GAME 
#STLvsNSH 
Do we have any Subban tears memes.
Sobotka scored..
Please send me memes I can't make it stop. It's getting worse.
Stop using black people as gifs or memes. Our lives aren't jokes or memes you can use. Use white people then.
Who decided to call them "obscure philosophy references" and not "Nietzsche memes"?.
let me spam everyone tl with cat puns and memes -laughs.
he can have my old title of simple meme farmer 

he seems like the kind of man who would farm memes.
Hi, I'm a high paid business consultant. I see you've named your business "Dale's Paint Supplies" but what if it was named "Best Dog Memes".
I hate people that just look at the dank memes I send them and don't reply.
So do we create #BullsNation blew a 2-0 memes now?.
The memes liberals make are weak af step your game up bro.
Are late ass memes gonna have stories too ?.
I need  new memes.
So many folks acting like they're posting the ten concerts thing under duress. Like all memes, you are not required by law to participate..
can y'all tweet me your best 9/11 memes it's for a science project.
in a weird kinda sad mood. could everyone send me dog memes? i would greatly appreciate it.
Also Nintendo is posting memes cause they deadass had a question in a survey asking if we wanted them to post memes and YALL VOTED YES..
Someone that shares memes or funny tweets with you 😴.
!!! TIME TO COVER UP THE DEPRESSION WITH MEMES !!!.
Making memes has destroyed my life.
SO TIRED of seeing 13 reasons why memes, jokes and games. suicide isn't fucking funny ..
people who listen to breaking benjamin probably still make harambe memes..
Fire memes, fall out boy, shirt with lemons on it, GLOWING.
Lost all my memes so please send me the God is Good Run and Tell Dat Kermit.
friendship: analyzing memes &amp; vines collectively.
memes as a form of self healing.
I just want someone loyal who sends me funny memes all day and plays with my hair when I'm sleepy.
Was feelin weak but then I looked at memes n now I'm stronger than ever.
Is it just me or has there been a sudden surge in I HAVE THE HIGH GROUND memes? Like, I'm not complaining, but curious as to why so many??.
good night y'all i love memes ahre.
Me: *tries desperately to avoid p/ersona 5 s/poilers*
Also me: RTs p/ersona 5 memes.
being petty makes for good memes but honestly what a horrible personality trait.
Math memes will be the death of me..
Ppl that post memes on snapchat annoy me💆🏻‍♂️.
i need to get out of bed at 11 to study. someone send me some encouraging memes.
Why is everyone suddenly making Thomas the Tank Engine memes?.
Theses memes have me in tears today! 😂🤣💀🤦🏾‍♂️.
Jasmin stays sending me memes knowing I have to finish all these quizzes and essays 😩😩.
I swear 95% of the time me and this girl just send memes back and forth to each other and that's our conversations lol 😂😂.
These memes have me dying 💀.
I need some affirmation could you validate me/my memes please.
At Starbucks and needing to do school work and then get distracted through Memes.  Thanks a lot..
send me your FUNNIEST vine compilations please!!! bonus points for any recent memes XD.
Is it even considered a friendship if you don't tag each other in at least 3 memes a day.
i like it when armys upload bts memes or gifs it shows how memeable bangtan is.
Facebook memes are very confusing? Face morphs into celebrities? Lists of concerts you been to with ONE fun little lie? Who hurt all of you?.
I love having Lui as a Facebook friend because he only re post memes about dogs and he acknowledges that 😂.
You know the friendship is real when you send each other funny memes 😂.
my diet consists of memes.
#sweaty is spelt wrong, because they haven't heard of memes yet awww still getting left behind.
alanis con sus memes ohgod 😂.
Someone tell me why Kurt and I could be arguing over text yet still sending memes back and forth over twitter 🙃.
My father in law is an absolute madman. Sharing memes from "College Student Problems." Guy is in his 50s &amp; never went..
im gonna delete all my pics so don't expect me to use memes for a while.
i know i'm not the only girl u've been sending memes to.
Can't wait for the day when my kids ask what I did when I was a teenager. Only thing they'll get is disappointment and the dank memes..
Before memes were a thing what did we do for fun??.
It's been a long and stressful week and all I need is some good memes and vines to cheer a girl up.
*memes the pain away*.
I may be dead but I have spicier memes than you.
Is there a difference between ppl who use memes &amp; ppl who use gifs? Like a "there are 2 types of ppl in the world" type of difference?.
Just copped a whole bunch of memes 😂😂.
&amp; some people like to joke about their issues as a way to COPE :) so don't come at us for the memes we make that relate to others like us :).
Jocey is sending me the funniest memes rn, and it's so hard not to laugh out loud.
B/c of Kylie I converse w/memes &amp; gifs now smh she's a bad/good influence lol.
All I see on my IG feed right now is #marshawnlynch and #AdrianPeterson memes about their new teams. 😂.
Thinkin' about memes to put on my grad cap, pls submit suggestions.
Girl I can see you tagging your bf in those nasty memes..
that's it folks.. we are only using pre-normie takeover memes that's right we going full r/adviceanimals full /b/ up in here.
Anyone else hate animatics? Just trying to find some Hamilton memes..
oh yes i'm the only one felicia will be tagging in memes for a little bit😂.
You know it's real when ur girlfriend DMs you memes all day 😂❤️.
I need to love myself more &amp; stop chasing men who make me feel v bad about myself bc I'm small and nice and have pretty decent memes.
Gotta give Joe Biden credit. He is one the best people in politics. The amount of memes on him is HARD evidence how chill he is..
*someone suggests i use memes to cover up my insecurities and inability to make meaningful connections* *i deny it. im crying but i deny it*.
i love everything abt u gurll &amp; ur artsy side is cool i just love ppl who can draw ur also funny hahaha shld i call u the queen of memes.
LIGHTNIGN MCQUEEN WILL NEVER DIE THE MEMES LIVE ON.
My sister is having a slight meltdown because insta won't let her tag me in memes... pregnant woman.. Am I right?? 😂.
NSW Police Force facebook page is winning with the memes right now. I love it 😂.
I wanna talk to my mutuals but I can only communicate with people through memes.
LADIES u have $5 to build the perfect man:
Has memes: $12
Owns a puppy: $80
Rich: $92
Txts "you up?" messages after 12 evryday: $5
Tall: $47.
IF I COULD TURN BACK TIME
I'D TAKE CHER'S TWEETS AWAY
I'D TAKE BACK THE EMOJI AND MEMES
SHE TWEETS ALL DAY.
i'm one of the best and i bring the spiciest memes (but they get stoleN by mts).
Like this if I can dm you memes tonight.
i'm one of the best and i bring the spiciest memes (but they get stoleN by mts).
when you can show offensive memes to each other &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;.
I'm in a group chat with two of my co workers, and the only way we communicate is by posting memes lol.
More
i'm one of the best and i bring the spiciest memes (but they get stoleN by mts).
i'm one of the best and i bring the spiciest memes (but they get stoleN by mts).
i'm one of the best and i bring the spiciest memes (but they get stoleN by mts).
send me memes pls, I need new ones.
Can my friends MEMES!.
Kiara and I deadass just sit beside one another and show each other memes 😂.
the alex mutual 
- always tells u they love u
- wholesome memes
- ur a peanut i could put u in my pocket
- TALL SMOL
- too far away :(.
Every time I become friends with another member of Bayley's family I tell myself I will slow down on the spicy fb memes but I never stop..
Has elite education forgone ugly memes too far?.
How can anyone be sad when we live in a world filled with memes.
it's actually so funny that everybidy saying Joanne is boring probably havent even listened to it &amp; have only seen the million reasons memes.
I'm only on Instagram for the memes FYI.
2017 is the year people started sharing photos of their kids but as memes. what a time to be alive.
Wholesome Memes may or may not be my fave page on fb ❤.
where r the good skeleton memes.
Are they really your friends if they don't tag you in organic chemistry memes?.
If I was to kill myself, I wonder what 13 memes I would send my friends..
can the boys tweet memes? everyone's gonna luv that.
I'M HERE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THE PROPER SPELLING TO SPANISH MEMES.
Want someone to laugh at memes with.
I think the really cool thing about this is now I get to look at memes while waiting for the game to start  #SCCLFinal.
in general the homestuck fandom really did have the best fandom memes i'll never not laugh at them from the old ones to dirkcapitation lmao.
Even though we lost, we're gonna have 5 years of making jokes &amp; memes abt the new governor...with the expense of getting abused as citizens..
"Twitter is for reposting memes and expressing how much you want to die".
So annoying that I've watched 13 reasons why and now after all the memes if someone annoys me I instantly think welcome to your tape 🙄.
Old memes.....
i have a 10 page paper draft due tomorrow &amp; i haven't started at all &amp; im spending my free time looking at memes
i hate me.
I gave you memes and you gave me back a hoodie that smells faintly like you and massive trust issues.
Does anyone else say they're gonna go to bed early, but they actually browse dank memes unil 3 am..Me too. 🤔😂.
lol then what ;)

Send memes ;).
The OU group chat is currently sending dog pics and memes....I'm going to the right college.
I am so thankful to live in a world with memes.
Lmao fb has all the memes.
i always understand memes like. right after they die. haha. the cycle frog was funny bcs frogs dont normally do that.
lbr the internet is practically useless without memes.
I don't appreciate these Kodak memes &amp; jokes... I really feel a way bout 'em.
Send your girl memes to wake up to so she knows it's real.
howdy rt to be in a star wars gc 
high quality memes and general love for the movies will be the main subjects of conversation ❤.
I love/hate memes so much.
Sending memes is how you build relationships it is a fact.
I use too many memes when texting my friends lol.
feeling at peace
calm
ready
moms spaghetti--

real talk.
and memes.
 combined..
starting 2 get 2 a point where i need to organize my stash of lizard memes into their own folder.
I'm studying modern society. You know, memes, media, etc..
I guess Mrs. Wiggins and I need to return to meme 4 to properly cite my memes, a couple of which appear to be insufficiently referenced..
by "absolutely nothing constructive" I mean rapping along perfectly to Hamilton &amp; looking at memes, neither of which are chemistry or psych.
11. Certain memes, like dark Kermit, will never go out of style..
chief keef has a very impressive taste in memes.
its all fun and games UNTIL SOMEONE BRINGS OUT THE FIIGGY FACE MEMES..
Y'all should send me funny memes that I can pass along to Norman.
i love making dumb memes of myself.
my memes are too good.
I hate those "I'd rather be cuddling with my lover instead of partying" memes, like why I can't we party together and THEN cuddle lol.
please accept my memes.
i provide the best memes.
I just wanna airdrop memes to everyone.
Rat farts! Cubs lose. On to Boston &amp; may Cubs offense be as strong as Curt Schilling's memes!

Oh shit, shit, bad example, bad example! 🙊🙊🙊🙊.
Colbri and I don't text each other all that much. We just send each other memes and then I end up at her house or Starbucks together lol.
Relatable memes aren't relateabke and I feel so lost in this world..
These Kodak memes funny until they get you jawed in real life, stop playin with me 😤.
I constantly keep on seeing memes and gif with Justin Timberlake.. I keep thinking its May already yall.
I'm all for these gasolina memes.
Participants in WWIII should only allowed to use dank memes as weapons.
Update he's made memes about himself, so it did not go well.
PERDÍ TODOS MIS MEMES, ME VOY A CORTAR CON UNA PAPA FRITA,AHRE.

#MTVINSTAARVIGNA 
#PREMIOSMTVMIAW.
Ive officially come on twitter for the memes/gifs 🤷🏼‍♀️.
Memes/gifs are some of the best things of our time.
i show memes to my mum.
Rant over, just had to get that off my chest. That shit has pissed me off for so long. We now return to your regularly scheduled memes..
Reply to this w your fav throwback memes.
10 spellings of the word, 'boob'
1 is spelled backwards…
Can you spot it?

boob
boob
boob
boob
boob
boob
boob
boob
boob
boob
#Memes.
Please don't ever asked that I rest easy or any corny "he's dead now" post. Instead I want memes.
I'm gonna start a thread of wholesome memes because they make me feel nice and calm.
...when you start spamming your friends with Rory Williams memes....
I'd be lying if I said I don't want to strangle people who purely speak in memes in real life.
Watch as lytch and I tag each other in memes in the after life.
Sorry guys no unpopular ship opinions here but you get my opinions on memes.
OK PERO JOHNNY SERÍA ALGO NORMIE Y TENDRÍA FOTOS NORMALES Y GYRO TENDRÍA COMO TRES FOTOS DE ÉL CON JOHNNY Y 2456393 MEMES.
All I do is play 8ball, catch up on my shows and look for memes to send my man when he reply back.
And I know that the government administered memes..
I'M PRETTY SURE NINTENDO IS AWARE AT HOW OUTDATED THE MK8 MEMES ARE, AND THAT MAKES IT SO MUCH BETTER.
Just to let you know, I spent about an hour on those memes I made. FYI..
Send me memes so I know it's real.
todays world ~ "oh yea ill be straight up to him...in memes".
I got too many fucking memes saved in my phone lmao.
are pants really just memes.
strong woman do bong soon has so many good memes.
i make the best jocelyne memes.
How I get through my day is looking at dumbass memes.
QUICK, SEND ME MEMES, FUNNY ONES, I NEED TO SMILE DAMNIT.
video game companies using memes against each other is the reason why the world should have ended in 2012.
bc I am back I must announce that I will not be keeping up with this trash pd101 s2 other than the memes.
There's 3 types of pics n my photos  my boyfriend 
Memes 
And school work.
Make Twitter we keep the Voiceless Hope of memes take that weight folk.
Everything funny bc you always make me laugh, memes &amp; Snapchat.
Yo how does a person even flirt without using memes.
Inhale the memes.
Exhale the memes.
I appreciate the Star Wars prequels solely for the memes.
Inject the memes into your bloodstream.
I just found all my memes on my computer.
So when are they going to start displaying the top memes in art galleries?.
should be studying for finals but I'm sending memes to everyone instead :).
I have a folder just for memes soooo that's my life.
Need someone to send me memes daily.
I'm gonna list 10 of my least favorite social media memes, and none of them are a lie..
I have a habit of talking to people like nothings ever happened. My brother and I got into a huge fight and I texted him 2 memes..
Apparently #TaxationIsTheft but stealing memes isn't..
Patiently waiting for funny memes/GIFS about the struggle with finals🙃.
Hmu if u wanna laugh at memes so I don't have to think about chemistry :))).
Corporations stealing memes to use in advertising is dirty capitalist trash.
I live for the dankest of memes.
someone pls send me some good memes to wake up to 🙂.
IM LITERALLY LOOKING FOR MEMES TO SAVE IN MY GALLERY WHY AM I LIKE THIS 😂😩😭.
I hate memes.
Send me memes and I'll be you're wife on the spot.
i accidently called memes emojis 🙃.
I want friends to send memes too.
Hi it's me Drew I enjoy memes , haha  that's me, Drew.
It took our generation almost an entire decade to realize you could make memes out of Spotify playlist songs.. 👍🏻.
my life: basketball, politics, memes, and above all respecting women.
In 2020 niggas only gonna be talking in memes. Watch..
My mom keeps showing me dick memes.
i think i send henry 173825 memes a day.
My mom to my stepdad- "you know what we should do when we retire?" 
My stepdad-"memes".
Just seen a tweet about the tv show empire......that show not popping no more 😕 ain't no memes bihhhh foh 💀.
All I ever tweet are memes and how much I want to die. #College.
If youre a meme page and try to hmu and you have bad memes it is the fastest and easiest way to get me to block you at least be funny ..
My dad and i are sitting together looking at memes the apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
b: I cant put down my phone theres just too much to see
me: I'm literally huge just look at me
b: when u get memes tattooed on u, we'll talk.
Without memes I will die.
I hate when girls say "she me your memes" even being an ironic shit poster is a meme. Jokes are funny one time only.
do not romanticize your liberal policeman who’s anti-fish memes

we live in a goddamn SEA TOWN fish memes are all we have.
Give me the memes.
I need the memes.
When the best friend deactivates her facebook so now you dont have anyone to tag and exchange memes with anymore. Bess why?!?!??😭.
"Oh yeah, I saved a couple memes for you today." This is how I know I've found the one. 💞😂.
I need someone to send memes to :(.
The problem with these Gasolina memes is eventually someone cool is really IS going to cover Gasolina and we won't believe it.
both my iphone and laptop camera rolls mainly consist of either video edits, memes, or random photos of my favourite people, oops.
memes are what keep me going.
if you're my friend you have to deal with me sending random memes and videos 24/7 lol.
I have no fucking memes on my phone I feel so empty inside.
porn memes are so bad but gay porn are the worst.
if i had an intern id have them help me find memes that i cant remember the names of.
True love is sending spicy memes at eachother and giggling until we pass out..
ACABEI DE DESTRUIR MEU APARENTE FUTURO NAMORO COM MEMES GENTE SOCOROR ELE FICO PUTASSO.
I smell the memes.
Hold on I don't watch t1oo anymore but these memes are fuckin funny.
Memes make me so happy &lt;3 I don't kno what I would have done w/out them.
I need all the memes, the memes to survive.
I should be in bed asleep right now, but instead I'm up late tagging my friends in memes.
I was supposed to be on fb to see memes not stalking this bitch lmao.
Thora and I barely talk but she consistently sends me weird memes/messages on facebook ....
amazing little boy memes #lotsofwords.
tb to when people said "reaction pictures" before we said memes.
I breathe the memes.
Dude: posts womanizing memes all day everyday, comes across a woman who calls men out for being shitty, deems her sexist😩😂. How that werk??.
Idk why people get mad when they make a joke and someone makes a variation of it, like that's what memes are.
Thora and I don't talk on a regular basis but consistently send memes/messages to each other via facebook.
If you want to know my sense of humor check what memes I send to my group chat.
I guess I can relate to memes about leg day now😪.
I need a boyfriend to share with memes ☹️.
I need all the memes the memes to survive..
just do what i do and tweet dumb ass opinions whenever the hell you want, don’t let some shitty memes run your life.
My god I have so many good memes I've been saving up for the right time.
OK back to memes I guess.
I literally just sit here and Tag Jordan in memes, even though she's sitting right here 🤷🏼‍♀️.
My sense of humor is primarily influenced by Rick &amp; Morty, That '70's Show, &amp; memes..
I got too many memes saved on my phone lol.
I catch the memes, I spread the memes.
i don't think im anything important or special. i don't think my opinion is worth more than anyone else's. i post stupid memes and like.
Memes are so important in a relationship.... Like what meme am I gonna send him today? #TheExcitement  #Romance.
twitter memes.
I eat the memes, I sh!t the memes..
Inhale the memes.
I needed to detox from memes but i miss them sm:/.
#UnTwitteroJamás comparte memes.
Exhale the memes.
I think I'm addicted to memes..
twitter memes do not have shelf-lives beyond a single day, but lord do I love lists so you are getting my GOTYs whether you want em or not.
Inject the memes into your bloodstream.
There are good memes.
And there are bad memes.
I've been looking at pharmacy technician memes for the past 30 minutes when I should've been asleep.
hey stolen memes  an alright shitpost name.
depression is when people show you memes, but you've seen them 4 years ago.
Memes and all.
Fuck I'm so dry on memes.
Looking for memes to send to shawty😂.
someone changed my profile and tweeted all that about memes wtf why would you waste time like that???.
Smoke the memes, snort the memes.
COSMO SEX TIP: When you're near orgasm, shout the memes are too strong!.
Do NOT make jokes or memes 
about Hannah's tapes, and do NOT
post anything about #13ReasonsWhy that you think may
 be inappropriate. Please..
lol all the dank memes compilation are getting age restricted 👌😂.
thankful for the friends that send me uzi memes, that shit's funny.
If you borrowed my memes.
Who the heck is that drunk Somali dude in all these memes....what's his name and can I bump into him in Minnesota?.
I have a whole section of my photos dedicated to the Rachel memes I made a while ago I'm laughing it's my favorite thing ever.
He keeps saying he's tired and needs to go to bed and then sighs and keeps scrolling thru memes...Mood.
I am the ColossalIsCrazy of bad memes.
scrolling through twitter looking at memes acting like i don't have an essay that's due tmrrw.
we can be intimate and send each other memes.
Then you owe me a fresh pair of memes.
the "explore" section of my Instagram is just ravers, drag queens, and memes 😂.
I'm so tempted to post one of those 10 band memes on FB, but mine would be SO trife..
What's with these fidget spinning memes? I just grind my teeth and shake my legs, HOW REAL AMERICANS DEAL WITH ANXIETY..
You would think knowing tomorrow is my last exam for the next 8 months I would actually study instead of scroll thru memes...yet here I am 🙃.
Had to stop retweeting heightist memes about dudes being over 6 ft bc people kept telling me I'm 4 ft tall.
Morris Sends the funniest Memes.
i want somebody to appreciate my memes tbh.
I'm making terrible memes and extra Tweets to get to 1000 Tweets. It's an amazing milestone to reach..
10,000th tweet. Here's to more rants, re-tweeted memes, and unnecessary opinions. 🎉🥂🍾.
i just saved a looooot of memes and i can't be more happy for it lmao.
must suppress urge to fill out silly (and unproductive) oc memes...............
Please let these Beyonce memes be a thing  😂😂.
I can't do my informative speech over memes. This has ruined my senior year. WHY IS THE WORLD SO CRUEL TO ME.
The reason NoA memes are so off is because it's so obvious it's a marketing stunt. Sonic memes generally promote the brand as a whole..
do you unironically use twitch memes/general memes in public? if so, why?.
Where are the girls that's gonna let the boy use their hotspot cause i ran out of data collecting and sharing  memes day in and day out.
I can't post one of my favorites pictures / memes anymore !.
Toronto is the funniest place for memes: IKEA monkey, drake, now the cool cucumber crane girl.
STOLEN MEMES WOULD MAKE A GREAT CONBADGE NAME.
Feels like drake devolved into the rest of Marvin's room memes and its not producing anything on views... Be ready for having.
sebastian stan liked memes about child molestation. thats yalls man.
Friends that show you memes are friends you need to keep.
Wow I get more attention on stolen memes than my art.
I just want someone to send me memes :^(.
Memes are soooooo funny I've been crying for 10 minutes.
To mix League memes w/ NBA, win 2 games to give fans false hope and then pull a C9 #CHIvsBOS.
"you don't find memes that have like, down syndrome people in it rel funny?".
You can tell a girl is bitter and lonely by her tweets. They all consist of "I'm single but happy" memes hahaha.
I want to be able to text corny jokes to each other all day and silly memes.
wHAT IS WRONG WITH ME I SPENT 2 HOURS LOOKING FOR CHICKEN MEMES JFC.
i gotta dig up peoples memes from today adn reply to them.
i need to hire someone to update me on memes til septembee.
Also, using out dated memes, or using memes incorrectly is another issue..
i need to hire someone to update me on memes til september.
None of my friends are replying back to me and I got so many memes to send but I don't wanna be annoying either :/.
you're laying in bed naked laughing at memes and if that doesn't describe your life you're not sure what does.
surprise a closing shift. can't wait to just fucking stand here for another 2.5 hours! plz send memes.
I'm way too menstrual to read any heartwarming memes tonight..
Wot in tarnation happened to the tarnation memes?.
I currently cannot breathe because i'm making myself laugh so hard from history memes. I have reached a whole new level of nerd....
"Wyd after smoking this" memes are by far the best memes.
Oooooookay, suficientes memes por hoy, a dorrrmirr.
the fact that i have 7 people that send me memes everyday lets me know that life isn't as shitty as it sometimes seems.
Your relationship isn't legit unless you send each other memes.
earlier it was cartoons and comics,now it is memes and trolls..
the fact that i make memes out of myself for happiness is actually sad.
all those ya wey memes w the guy crying.....really feeling that at this point in the semester.
Lol fuuu Jiwon's character name is Aera ahahahahahaha I wonder if people will gif memes of "Aera MOREUGETDA" AHAHAHAHA BAD JOKE.. I KNOW 😂😂😂.
I need a lil baby who laugh at the memes I send her 🤧.
I just need a dude who will deliver me food and pictures of memes.
i hate how i discover groups through memes
why did i ever.
Interesting: Pepe memes still on the downfall, BUY BUY BUY!.
I need me a lil baby who laugh at the memes I send her.
If your best friend doesn't tag you in vines/memes are y'all really best friends?¿.
most of the time when i'm tagging my man is when we're together so he can still pay attention to me but with memes 😅.
i have so many memes saved to my camera roll help.
- expresses herself very well using memes
- tweets as if she's high on weed 24/7
- VERY FUNNY
- PRETTY.
u guys only love me for my memes 😡.
My wifey blessing me with memes in the timeline 😤👌🏽💯.
IM WEAK FOR SPONGEBOB MEMES.
Will memes ever die out and cease to exist? When you look at two or three and wonder if humanity took two or three steps back..
I'm starting a collection of i love my gf memes please reply if you have any good ones.
Gifs rapidly becoming better than memes.
So im just calmly laughing at some twitter memes and my husband just says " who you talking to thats making you laugh so much!!!" 🙄.
where does six find their memes.
Holla at me if you tryna be loved and have memes sent your way, I'll also stay on your bucket. Lmk.
Technology is awesome. You can tell people you're going to sleep and then look at memes for an hour 🤷🏻‍♀️.
BTW, thx everyone for sticking with me through the shameless self-promotion. Back to funny memes &amp; talking other comics in 36 hrs. Promise..
quote with a funny pic i want some memes.
You scroll through Facebook all you see is corny memes corny covers of popular songs and those dumbass "10 concerts I've been to" posts.
BUT WHY DO THEY HAVE TO BE MEMES

see Dabdab from GOT7
Tea meme and Ice blue hair who both turned out to be Monsta X.
if she good with the memes, she wifey material.
I really hate how memes ruined really good songs for me.
Hi I'm Stolen Memes and I'm gonna be at FurTheMore17.
also there are dang kids watching dang memes all loud in the hallway Let Me Work In Peace #LocalOldMan.
Reply to this with your favorite memes and/or gifs pls.
I have 200 GB of iTunes cloud storage and I FILLED IT UP. why do I have over 20,000 fucking photos no one needs this many memes.
Whenever Abbi goes to her study group she always sends me a plethora of memes.
i'm running the fuck out of memes.
Still love y'all tho. Those retweets of wholesome memes are 4 u w/ luv.
my camera roll is filled with memes, selfies, and my boy's ass.
I JUST TOLD AN IRL TO DELETE HER MEMES AND GIVE ME JUNGKOOK PICS AND SHE SAID SHELL TRY BECAUSE I SAID I WAS DYING WITHOUT KOOK.
Me: I miss flirting can you flirt with me

Zach: Oh shit girl, you wanna watch memes with me?.
✮yahoo ask my son in law has been using my laptop to google "memes"? what is a meme?.
History in Memes is my favorite twitter account.
Dank memes killed the socket.
I don't even collect memes anymore bc everyone tells me the ones I share are trash 💀 I've lost my liveliness.
If all of the time required to create bullying, hate, intolerance &amp; memes were put into space exploration then we would be beyond Mars..
Dank memes killed the society.
you guys, thank you for all of the memes god bless it's the only thing getting me thru.
if ur ever upset ,,,, the first thing I'll ask is if u need me to send memes.
help a girl out and send me memes i deleted all of mine rip.
I hate when facebook memes tell me to like and share the video... don't tell me what to do.
hecking trendy memes stock photos #yee.
(treat it with respect pls, and no nsfw art/memes. I'll also be helping to mod the chat).
Haley and I get in bed at 10:30 every night and text each other memes from our beds for the next hour and a half. Every. Single. Night..
Socialist memes are the only thing keeping me going.
waiting for some new apps to download, memes.
Hmu if ur willing to exchange memes.
Social media wanna be like yellow green lilacs is tomato memes are tasty said me ! #SoundCloud.
when c*rly shows me dog memes it's the highlight of my day.
jorge steals all of dolly and i's memes.
i would like to thank everyone who replied to my tweet with mina memes,, my meme collection is near perfect now 😍.
Eating supper and catching up on memes..
There a few types of people in this world. Two being:
The person who uses minion memes ironically
and 
The person who hates the memes too.
Ty to sawdah for acknowledging my stolen memes.
RT PushDustIn: The reason NoA memes are so off is because it's so obvious it's a marketing stunt. Sonic memes generally promote the brand a….
Women with good reaction pics will cheat on you, it's the ones with trash memes you need.
"Do you want my memes".
in need of offensive memes and 48+ hours of sleep and cuddles.
Creating memes in class is a fun way to learn about how things can go viral and why people r so captivated by them and other vids #strass104.
Too much memes make me feel alive 🤗.
me: has thousands of memes
also me: uses 2 maybe 3 of those memes.
memes abt respecting women should only be used if u actually like..... respect women.
Twitter be having all the memes.
Wow I need more friends to send funny memes to.
Lmao you know someone is recently single when they posting all those bitter ass memes.
cod twitter got the funniest shit frfr i dont think ill stop using it even when iquit, ill keep it for the memes.
I mean, for fucks sake the only way I can make friends is through memes, I'm not giving that shit up.
without memes I would die.
if you don't send me memes are we even friends.
my tl is full of mina memes omg help me.
erection-inducing verizon memes #proud2be.
All I do is look at memes all day I swear I'm not addicted.
I can't laugh to hard or my stitches hurt fuck you dank memes 😂.
Twitter is the good place. Well, lately Twitter is a garbage fire, but it's still better than Facebook. Don't bring your lame memes here..
I want to wake up w the man of my dreams and look at memes but he doesn't exist lol.
Who tryna share memes.
You know those memes about a girl buying too many dogs?

Well replace the girl with my dad and the dogs with baby chickens and paper towels..
I love the notion that anyone would be playing Sylvans. About the only thing you do with sylvan cards is charity memes and princessprite..
I'm just tryna have a solid ass relationship and send each other funny ass memes. 🙇🏽‍♀️.
yo I HATE it when I don't understand a meme then an hour later I see a video that makes sense of it but the memes lost in the timeline.
ahh i wish i could mute memes.
Someone send me memes, I want to laugh.
there should be a youtube challenge where you have to prank texts someone but can only speak in memes.
Se me han borrado todos los memes.
*Crying in spanish*.
If you can communicate through Bitmoji, memes of gifs .. then we can't be friends 💁🏽👋🏽.
I hate a lot of memes because of my school, now..
Has elite education adapted ugly memes too far?.
A hundred memes a day keeps the depression away.
These memes on 👌🏼 tonight..
What is your opinion about Memes ? — feeling curious.
If you can't communicate through bitmoji, memes or gifs... then we can't be friends 👋🏽💁🏽.
I don't have inspirational shit/hard-thought opinions to post about on Twitter... So memes it is 😸.
mood: stalking an old mutual to get good memes.
locals break up once and start retweeting kush &amp; wizdom memes.
If I ever stop loving memes then please cut my life into pieces as a last resort.
Memes h1z1 is the best tbh.
Going on fb pisses me off now bc I accepted a bunch of random friend requests and literally NO 1 POSTS MEMES THEY JUST TALK ABT HOODRAT SHIT.
Your mcm post motivational memes on Instagram using McDonald's Wi-Fi cuz he out of data again.
If you could not disagree with that tweet before but memes..
I'll purposely not-like certain memes because they hit so close to home and tbh, I gotta look out for me.
I love it when Taurion and Maiya send me memes.
I'm sending my dad memes while he's sitting down the hallway. What has my life become.
Your true friends are the ones who get super excited and enthusiastic when you send them memes.
Most of my conversations with friends tend to be a mix of gifs, memes, and fangirl language.
i want a relationship where we sent each other memes.
"It's hip to force memes." #NepNoteBot.
If you and your bf don't tag each other in freaky memes on instagram, are y'all really dating? 🤔😂.
Stop pls with the Hannah Baker memes lmao.
1. Niggas who make an account only to post memes 80%-90% of the time. Make a parody account, ya damn jank..
Most of my conversations with friends tend to be a mix of gifs, memes, and fangirl language.
seth deadass sent me memes that made fun of drake... i never felt so offended.
i just want someone i can tag in memes.
chinese memes are rising and i cant relate.
In my professional opinion, there are not nearly enough memes about Blackberry cellphones..
My memes won't even load what am I going to do, how am I going to live 😭😂😂.
Just so i can get a read on my true fans, who's staying up for memes?.
LOS MEJORES MEMES QUE NOS MUESTRAN LA EFICACIA DE LA CLONACIÓN COMO UNA FORMA DE CARICATURA POLÍTICA..
even if we never talk, send me your favorite memes rn please.
there are not nearly enough memes about Blackberry cellphones.
I either send too many memes to friends or not enough. There's really no in between.
Mi top of mind son los memes..
man social media becomes a lot less interesting the more people start to post about their actual lives and accomplishments instead of memes.
bye goodnight everyone!!

i wish I could come on twitter and tweet memes all day but u always give me something to rant about.
WHO was this dm me if u want im nice n will send u lots of soft memes.
I hate memes.
You can never overdose on memes! As long as there good.
fuck me daily with a shovel and call me old outdated memes that make no sense in the present day.
It's official. My mom and I send each other memes and videos. Don't know that it can get better than this.
just imagine a world without memes.
Remember the Obama/Biden memes? Good times.
I wish my cheesy edginess was accepted amongst my peers v.v I want to be feely and melancholy... but all we know is memes and cringe..
Send me memes pls I wanna laugh.
I got into a fight with cris last night and i didn't talk to him all day so now he's sending me memes 🖤😂.
these ironic memes so annoyin.
vaping about outdated memes.
share tweets and memes w your bae.
Me trying to convince someone to like me: Look, my personality is a solid 6/10, but my selection of memes are an 11/10..
Most memes are fucking horrible.
Whoever is giving me nazar pls stop, i'll send you memes as a way of having cake for dinner..
Me: "Kaden sends unfunny memes"

Bugon: "Yo don't talk shit about Kaden. I love Kaden."

Me: "You're right. Kaden is great."

#HugAKadenDay.
work is so slow and im here till 2 so send me funny memes.
Send me memes and funny videos.
I feel the memes rush through my veins.
Facebook para memes
Insta ni lo uso
WhatsApp para hablar con mi herma
Y twitter bueno acá estamos😈😈😈.
ok but really I love the typa people who send me funny pictures and memes.
my phone is dead cannot rise from the dead atm
just print your memes to me thx.
Mom i post memes on the Internet and im fucking ⓑŁΔʑ℈ↁ!.
Memes aside I really like whenever someone uploads a rip to this channel that really takes advantage of a soundfont from a game I love.
It's so sad seeing couples break up because then they don't tag eachother in funny memes anymore....
Me and my friends like JacksFilms so we knew his memes and one of them is Me Me Big Boy/Dissapointment and one of my friends is really-.
Do aliens have their own memes?.
Are you really best friends if you don't tag your best friend in 100 memes a day.
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK COE EU TO CHORANDO COM ESSES MEMES DO CIRINO.
I can't stop laughing at all these memes I'm getting sent #keeper.
when 💔 memes 💔 remind 💔 u 💔 of 💔 him 💔.
Seriously how do these listicle memes start though.
finished watching 13 reasons why 1mo later than everyone else. Now that I can actually appreciate the memes, THERE ARENT ANY BC ITS OLD NEWS.
Its dope when u and ur homie both enjoy dank memes.
my camera roll is 90% kpop &amp; memes and 10% bad selfies.
sharing memes is v important.
I met ancaps twice irl. they were literally memes. free market assassins and nap within the same hour..
The funniest thing about sj tumblr memes is that my boss's name is actually karen.
I only retweet memes
Who wanna receive daily funny tweets/memes/video dms from me
#til rvcj = rajinikanth vs cid jokesfor the longest time, I thought rvcj was an engineering college that posted memes on its facebook page.
Where is gavin? I haven't seen new content??? where are the memes
I'm looking up last surprise memes and crying
People who share funny tweets/memes/videos with me I have a special place in my heart. those are the best types of people
Time to say i'm going to bed, look at memes for 3 hours, wake up then complain how tired I am and how much I want to kms afterwards 🙃
Amo classic art memes soy fan 🙌🏻❤️
Memes fucked the world  in the anus for 72 hours!
Fuck reaction memes none of them funny wlh
You know it's real when you go to your best friend's house to laugh at memes for 2 hours
Lowkey the "welcome to your tape" memes need to stop. like I get it but like ???? you're making fun of a girl who killed herself.
Damn I just want someone to appreciate my memes but these group chats make me feel so low
Normally i'd try to retweet some memes after posting something like that but I just realized that I don't care rnmaybe I will tomorrow
Memes  #thingsthatneedwarninglabels
With a quality man comes quality memes
Are you really best friends if you don't send each other funny memes?
Tried showing my mom some of my dank memes and she asked if I was okay
I need to relax with memes on fb
I can assure you there will be plenty of danny dyer geez memes from now on in my twitter
Some memes just turn into songs...
Twitter is for memes yall making yourself sad
Next on the secret life of a teenage grandma..... how to scam people into thinking you're a teen using memes
Goodnight more italian memes coming tomorrow
Super male vitality is one of my favorite memes
Democracy is midnight blue bluebells is indigo  memes shoulda mental and so forth ! #nbafinals
So. many. cat. memes. 

no one to tag 😫😿
[ooc talk] everyone : good aesthetic rts 
me : memes,//
I honestly can't see no more memes of bey coming for that poor waitress, they're all good and i'm in stitches
If memes did not exist life would be very different 😂
Between the 10 concerts thing, minion memes, engagement photos/pregnancy countdowns, facebook has become insufferable.
One of my late night guilty pleasures is reading buffalo bill memes on tumblr

"it rubs the lotion on its skin"
I'm just here for the music and memes
Imagine sexting but only with memes
Life hack for the dudes: before you add a potential date on facebook, consider deleting all the bad/mysoginist memes you shared.
When I see someone laughing to themselves in public, I love to imagine what they're thinking about, even though deep down I know: it's memes
Student athlete memes just died off didn't they
These memes are gold
Spread the dank memes like jesus spreads his legs on a sunday  #wd123xbot
Without memes i'm nothing
Why do I see a bunch of hyper colored glowing eye memes on my tl?
[[ memes and 18+ pics just kills my serious side--
The milk daddy wanted memes. oh i'll give him some memes. stay tuned...
It's almost time for justin timberlake memes
I joker, will steal your memes
Bludo como estaba esperando memes from the macri trump reunion
You can't do anything with alexa without needing to take a 20 minute break so she can laugh at memes 😂
The whole stand by me tag is just bad outsiders memes and smexy pics of river phoenix. excuse me
God the memes are on fire tonight holy shit 🔥
*has no skills, no experience, no education, no ambition* 

*continues to do nothing but make memes*
Anime tiddy police, I need tiddy memes asap 😂😂
Why is my phone being weird :(((( all of my memes deleted
Can we just admit that in this day in age, mariah aint shit anymore. she's good for memes and shade but she's done, musically.
Aaaaaaa eu preciso arrumar minhas pastas de memes mas to com tanta preguiça
It's actually a joke how many times my friends tag me in videos and memes of broken down cars 😩💔
Being with someone who can only express feelings and emotions through posting subs, memes &amp; snapchat captions must be stress..
Some of the memes I share make me seem like I really like food, it's very far from the truth😂
If you're not in the I need the memes groupme what are you doing with your life
Do you even have a crush if you don't tag them in memes? lmk
Psa: not all images on the internet are memes.
I love my job so much last week I got paid to grade memes and this week one of my lab kids did a project on flat earth theory
Especially in the case of bill nye where he's using memes and slang to spread education. and science.
Memes are such an underrated way to revise
Memes are literally my biggest turn on
Wait cuz when i'm out here tryna get my doctorate my thesis is going to be about memes
When you scroll down your dm and it's just all your different group of friends sending you memes
Sometimes I visit osugame in hopes that the memes will actually be funny or new but instead i'm always filled with disappointment
I absolutely love those doggo memes 😂😂😂
Has technology forgone fat memes too far?
If you screenshot ifunny memes and then send them you can't be my friend
I need to find more pointing finger memes
Ah yes I love the scent of "chara memes that ppl make based on their first-impression knowledge of them"
As pleased as I am everyone's now so engaged in politics (me too...), facebook is an insufferable hell of memes right now. lots of anger.
Memes in my boot
Always on a search for funny memes to show my dude 😂💍
These beyoncé ordering food memes are hilarious and so me right now minus the big stomach. not there yet
Also a lot of outdated/wrong information.

even the memes are outdated.
Wow i'm a very hard working twitch affiliate now, I def deserve it and by no means got it for the memes.
Have so many memes saved on my phone just in case they're slightly relevant to any convo I have one day
While i've got time (7 more minutes): stop👏🏾only👏🏾sending👏🏾your👏🏾gay👏🏾friends👏🏾gay👏🏾memes👏🏾
Thank yuou for the dank memes
How can nintendo get memes right but not understand the concept of streaming?
I'm fully sitting in my room crying over memes 😂😂
I didn't know what to talk about with my hair stylist, so I started complimenting her memes. she always shares the best ones.
Not tagging each and other at memes is the new we don't talk like the way we used to.
How to be funny without memes for dummies.
I need someone to share my collection of dank memes with.
My day consist of sending funny memes to my ig friends and eating till I have to go to work
My phones photo gallery is 95% memes and 5% pattern wallpaper unicorn/cat images from we heart it.
Hoy mi twitter esta lleno de memes.
que os pasaa hooyyy
I hate when i'm in the middle of looking at memes and someone tries talking to me. 🙄
I don't text with memes i'll hit you with the occasional emoji but send me yours by all means.
When you find the most accurate memes but you got fam on facebook can't be tagging gotta go slide in the messenger 😂😂😂 ffs
Someone send me those memes where a kid is listening to music and idk I guess u know which ones I mean
My timeline is 60% bitter girls complaining about life or man. 1% bitter niggas and 39% memes and gifs.
Can I tweet athlete memes unironically now
I've only seen the memes omg
"students should stop making memes out of cáca milis and just learn it" - my irish teacher
Sweet relief I found some memes
And to think I made a twitter account to watch some beef and some rats are being buzzkills again and trying to end the memes. #freedoug2017
Me: got a text.. must reply.. after a few more memes tho
* 8 hours later *
me: "sorry was asleep"
Regalar memes para cumpleaños should be a thing.
Regalar memes de cumpleaños should be a thing.
When you smoke with dank memes
I search bird memes so much that when I type "brb" it gets switched to "birb"
