Ivanka is too nice. I would have reminded those neonazi feminists about how much freedom of choice they would of had under a Nazi regime.
No Ivanka, we do not need a discussion to open borders for Syrian refugees. Keep them out of US.
Just imagine how hot Ivanka would be if Donald Trump wasn't her father.
Princess Ivanka knows why people are so mean to her and her father. Because they’re jealous, that’s why.
Ivanka booed for calling her father a 'champion' for families, but she was referring to the Gambino and Genovese syndicates.
I guess no details on the child care tax plan? Sounds like that line was added when Ivanka promised it yesterday. #taxplan
I've worked in low wage jobs a lot when I was younger, but never that low. Pathetic pay, to be honest. Modern slavery. #Ivanka
Ivanka &amp; her JQ Hubby are libertards in disguise. And they are a POSION in the White House and around Trump.
I love Ivanka for pissing off the alt-right. Makes my day when I see the 3 brackets surrounding her. She is on the right team.
There's a non-zero chance we're starting a trade war with Canada because Jared doesn't like the way that Trudeau looked at Ivanka.
if u want to destroy an Ivanka sweater, pull this thread as i walk away. that's it, just a lil tug &amp; it unravels. bullshit sweater! 0 stars
Jesse Watters is misogynistic to Ivanka &amp; y'all care but black/Chinese Americans were nuts for being pissed over his John Lewis/Chinatown 💩.
#mustread "The Geopolitics of Booing Ivanka Trump in Berlin" (Interpreter newsletter of NYT)
160 users and 161 tweets (115 RTs) in 1 day made 'Ivanka Trump Booed' a Trending Topic in Israel. #trndnl
1,298,714 people could have seen 'Ivanka Trump Booed' since its 1st mention until it became a Trending Topic. #trndnl
#Top3Apps for 'Ivanka Trump Booed'

Twitter Web Client 17%
dlvr.it 17%
IFTTT 14%
Poll:

Ivanka Trump will lose our respect if she speaks positively about ___.
where's all the ivanka porn parodies
Fox’s Watters sparks controversy with suggestive Ivanka T. remark!  (Praise for using Mic correctly!  My the Left is Snarkey &amp; jealous!
1. They do respect women that is why they were booing Ivanka's bs comments about Trump who is known for not respecting women
I'm still not over Ivanka's voice. She sounded like she'd BEEN practicing and ended up sound like a horny teenage boy
I didn't vote for Ivanka Trump, I voted for her father. So, I do not want to hear her when she says we should take in Syrian refugees.
I didn't vote for Ivanka Trump, I voted for her father. So, I do not want to hear her when she says we should take in Syrian refugees.
To keep their support, Trump voters will require:
1) wall
2) deportations, including DACA
3) no refugees
4) no wars
(bonus: kick out Ivanka)
Guys. You don't criticize someone for being someone's kid. Ivanka issue not parentage, but that she's a PAID LIAR for neofascistic regime.
Chinese women who work for Trump in China , no big effort to help these , right Ivanka , your BREAKFAST cost more than you pay them a week
#liberalfantasies Conservatives cave on paid family leave when Ivanka/Jared take 2 months off after having another kid
“Ivanka Trump is a WH employee and starting a foundation just like the Clinton's had. I'll wait for the outrage,” says Emily Cahn.
Ivanka acts like women in the workplace were just discovered. Seriously.
Ivanka Trump gets booed in Germany 
aRer saying that Donald Trump"has 
been a tremendous champion of 
supporting families'
Ivanka looks like she wants to run for President on the side of the GOP and Bernie Sanders (or Chelsea) on the side of the Dem
Gross for Jesse Waters to sexualize Ivanka like that, she's not even his daughter.
Congrats to Ivanka, who under Trump's tax plan won't owe taxes on any inheritance adding to her $740,000,000 (joint w/ Jared) net-worth!
Fuck Ivanka Trump, and Jared Kushner. Both are globalist rats.
#jessewalters 1. They do respect women. They were booing Ivanka's bs comments about Trump who is known for not respecting women. (2/4)
#FirstWhispererLots of people going to ivanka's page and tweeting "Boo Hiss"!
Can Ivanka be made a princess? She enunciates so well almost like English is a second language. Aspire ladies. Aspire.
I wish I could speak in fluent buzzwords like Ivanka Trump - what a gem...
Merkel &amp; Co looked like the gnarled and weedy compared to the Flower that's Ivanka.
Ivanka Trump the smoke screen
for what!? ever Jared Kushner
is doing back there.
Bill O'Reilly gone. Ivanka Trump has to rebrand. ESPN cutting back. Dare I hope that America is getting tired of non-stop bullshit?
This is how we end up with published pieces that are so obviously tone-deaf, like the Princess Ivanka fluff pieces.
Ivanka needs to go but we all know that will never happen. Still what an embarrassment to have your daughter second guessing you
DJT Doesn't Fault Jesse Watters For Making Joke About Ivanka: "I Always Picture Her Holding A Dick"
Ivanka: "my father is a champion of women's rights"
*continues to show why women don't deserve authority*
Nobody ever admits that my daughter Ivanka is an embarassment. Horrible!
If a newscaster made an overt, sexual comment about Ivanka, I honestly have no idea whether Donald would chastise them or agree.
Idk I'd watch a Trump/Ivanka porn
"Jesse Watters" 1. They do respect women. They were booing Ivanka's bs comments about her father who is known for not respecting women
I wonder if Ivanka was placed amongst them to give us hope that the beauty of the female form has not left us forever.
If Ivanka died, Trump would resign. He's helpless without her. Seriously, she IS this Administration.
"Jesse Watters" 3. The left doesn't respect women, he says, and then ends the claim by sexualizing Ivanka . . .
MSM: Ivanka is great at 1st lady thing, Chelsea must take blood oath she won't run for PTA, Hillary worst ever, &amp; Obama shouldn't earn 💵.👍
Please #WakeUpAmerica! 
Stay focused on the issues. 
ACA, taxes, &amp; Russia! 
Ivanka &amp; how she handled the microphone is irrelevant.

#resist
but i think its really nice to know that Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany &amp; Eric are all going to get some massive tax cuts!!!! i'm so happy for them!
By GOP standards if we eliminated ALL taxes we could be super-duper successful and Mexico will pay our troops and Ivanka's staff. #msnbc
How will Ivanka look in orange as she breaches ethics of WH by establishing pass-through foundation?
Iove Ivanka, but I think trump either has to cut ties or tell her to stop talking, the train gets nervous when they hear her lib views
ivanka and the boys inherit all daddy's debts, tax free
Ivanka web page she says she's open to Syria Refugees coming here, just needs more talk? She's out of touch with working ppl!  Out of WH,pls
Ivanka forgot to filter her water
Ivanka's clothes are being sold under a pseudonym bc it's illegal to make political profit in your own name
to state the obvious, eliminating the estate tax would be a big windfall for Ivanka, Sonny, Fredo, and Barron (maybe also Tiffany)
Ivanka Trump says allowing Syrian refugees into the country "has to be part of the discussion"... And to think Trump lets her advise him..
#TrumpTaxPlan Trump, "I'm doing it for the people, (Ivanka, I mean)."
Donald Trump's biggest fantasy is that Ivanka descends a staircase in a see-through nightie and farts bare-assed in his dinner.
Weird Ivanka's fundraising in Middle East, while in WH, for a her foundation when her dad's tax cut means billions in savings for her family
What's Ivanka' s new book..."Women Who Work...for Daddy!"
Ivanka Trump at W20 is like me at Fashion Week. I've said it before if an African did what Trump did everybody would be yelling NEPOTISM!
Ivanka is the greatest obstacle in the way of MAGA. Must be taken out.
Looks like Ivanka and Jarrod are with Hillary and Shumer.  Get them BOTH out of the WH!
Ivanka Trump draws line with father on Syrian refugees

First Daughter Ivanka Trump is contradicting her father, the US president, insistin…
Ivanka Trump wearing some cheap clothes. Her clothing employees in China working 60 hours a week making only $1 an hour.  CHEAP IVANKA!
RT owillis: ivanka using the white house to raise money from foreign govts to a private fund. hey didnt gop used to hate that? …
Ivanka Trump speaks in the breathy, evasive way of someone who's definitely never signed up for overdraft protection
